let me find my way ever sign the waiver
before I we're live
great while you sent that sound great
I'm glad that people are seeing me Neal
Brennan sighs Whitman everyone will be a
notary notary public I wonder if they
can live there's a software they can
listen to the sound your pen is making
and figure out the lines you're drawing
you know they have technology now where
when people are speaking in a room with
a with a window they get rid of the
window noise they can know they can tune
in to the vibrations of the window from
the sound of your voice and pick up
everything that's being said in the room
I heard that there's a net flick you
because before I mean efflux doesn't
give people ratings but there's a way
that there you can get they can gauge
reflections off of with some weird
fucking technology where and it's fairly
accurate reflections off a window yes I
don't know secondhand yeah like second
it not it's like I believe it's sound
waves oh wow yeah that what are they
monitoring Jamie's got some I have no
idea why this right now Jamie long-range
laser listening device the long-range
laser listening device laser microscope
is a highly sophisticated surveillance
apparatus that utilizes an invisible
infrared laser beam to eavesdrop on a
target this is the most effective
long-range laser listening device in the
world that allows the operator to
conduct an undetectable surveillance
operation on any target from today Stark
Industries with at least one window at
an impressive distance of over 500
meters that is actually very enough so
far that's far as shit with the laser
beam fuck and you just buy that as I say
that's commercially available and I
wonder what is not commercially
available oh for sure it's right out
there like you remember when there was
that story about some weird sound weapon
they think that the Cubans using on ya
means that were in Cuba there's probably
a bunch of shit like I was reading an
article they can list like submarines
have technology they can listen to
basically like fish farting in the ocean
if they if they wanted to they can hear
sound
that quiet they can hear anything so if
like literally a fish farts they're like
what was that what was that was that a
sub nope was a fish Wow who was the next
sound yeah good for us or something I
guess it's for somebody good for us I
guess yeah that sound thing was funny
cuz it was like people would get sick
yeah and they could and then it there
was also they did in China too they
would like they at American civil like
NGO like non-government there like kind
of work for the government tangentially
or they worked at the Embassy there
apartments were above each other to
separate people and both of them it was
on 60 minutes like not long ago like so
they targeted the rooms yeah it's like a
dog whistle for people it yes
in essence and it's like well what do
you want me to do I guess you just leave
I guess it is like a dog was just want
you to feel just sure yeah duh fuck out
of here oh yeah there's probably a ton
of technology like that that we're not
aware of my friend Mike Swick used to
fighting you have seen before that he
did a brief spent stint rather in the
military he was doing something some
sort of easy it was either Secret
Service work or something along those
lines but anyway he was at the Embassy
in Russia and he said that they had
found listening devices that were so
sophisticated that they were being
powered by the natural sway of the
building Wow with the wind so the wind
they didn't need a power source the
natural swaying of the building in the
wind was powering up this little
microphone that was listening in on
things and he said they were lit they
were looking at this stuff they're like
we don't know anything like this like
this yes completely new stuff and that
we found it
and yet building I like I mean I don't
love but it's like it's kind of cool
it's cool yeah like I just don't kill me
or us you don't even like the hope is we
just boat would they have their thing
and we and it's just like mutually
assured destruction like a arms race of
Technology because that's what's gonna
happen the amount to use the cloud yes I
I know like I don't use it for important
stuff yeah but I use it for like my apps
yeah my apps are backed up in the cloud
recordings are backed up in the cloud
sets sets yeah but there's like no
photos or video it's just a bit like I
don't know man the kids fucking crazy I
mean we're we're we're getting down to
some very strange place with the cloud
what stuff B yes in the air and the
amount of trust
it takes the presumption that will just
never run out of energy mm-hmm and will
never run out of the ability to tap it
in the cloud it's like I don't that
seems presumption I I'm not even like a
doomsday person but I just feel like
it's like the difference between how men
dress in public and how women do it and
like on AB night out women are wearing
heels and guys are dressed in case they
have to fight I'm still like we will do
the thing in the mirror like yeah I'll
fucking fuck you like that's how I feel
with technology where I'm like what do I
have a back-up plan for this even people
with like Wi-Fi door locks I'm like I
don't know man
no no no man I don't know if the Wi-Fi
goes out what yeah like please be care I
don't I don't know what the what the
negative scenario is but even my garage
in my place and I live in like a
townhouse thing and there was a power
outage the gate won't open and like oh
there's no really there was a fails
there was a release that somebody a
better person than I figured come I
didn't have a good plan but someone
figured out like you'll open a hatch and
then there's a chain and you got to pull
the chain and it was like okay but it
wasn't it wasn't easy right like you
know it's the Doomsday thing it's like
well this guy yes guys been on my show
several times he's just done recently
and he's one of the main proponents of
this theory that something somewhere
around twelve thousand eight hundred
years ago hit the earth and fucked up
everything and probably reset
civilization killed off the vast
majority of us 12,000 miles not that one
yeah that long ago corresponds at the
end of the Ice Age there's a lot of
physical evidence for it and
increasingly we're seeing more and more
evidence in terms of ancient cultures
that existed far before - twelve
thousand eight hundred years ago they
really didn't understand they thought
people were just hunter-gatherers back
then now they're finding evidence of
things like it's a place called gobekli
tepe which is a giant these huge
monolithic structures that are made out
of stone carved like the huge columns
yeah that don't seem like they were made
by hunter-gatherers it seems like there
was probably some sort of a lost
civilization and they know that this all
happened somewhere around that time
somewhere around 12,000 years ago so it
can happen again and if it does happen
again our stuff is on digital now which
is even weirder it's it's weirder than
books right we have books but the vast
majority of most of the data that we all
keep and share we share on phones and on
computers yeah and we can't read it we
can't read it without program I don't
know first thing about commitment you
don't I mean like I don't know anything
about I was I was talking last night
like I don't know much about my the
different the the level of education
women have about their reproductive
organs versus men oh yeah
like my my balls I know about my balls I
know the medical term is testicles hmm
that's about it don't you know hot yeah
again that's like that's like a child
and you only know that from like Oh cuz
I got them hot one time right but I
don't know how semen gets to the I don't
know the name of the two I don't know
anything cuz that's my body right women
know tons they know fallopian tubes will
evolve cervix like everything yeah guys
know prostate cancer home what my
asshole oh yeah I'm not curious I mean
like not like curious in a way of like I
let's just hope just hope for those it's
none of my business plus to get checked
out you have to have finger in your ass
and everybody puts that off yeah now
meanwhile women do that once he
constantly
getting jabbed out and swab swab yeah
they get the pap smear a smear smear see
in the title oh Jesus
just everything imagine if you needed
people to come inside you you needed
them to not just not just exchange
bodily fluids by kissing now they have
to squirt something in you to make
people yeah
stepheson god they're poisonous little
dirty DNA they're dirty little fucking
infected it's awfully gross baby get
like ten feet away from it you're like
Jesus know what they're doing but why
you're in the moment it seems like the
most logical you got to do it cannot do
it yeah did you what speaking of that
did you see the thing about Jerrod no
that I don't want to bring it up but he
basically came out a little on HBO came
out came out a little to his mom said
I've had sexual experiences with men oh
and it's good we should cool with it
yeah sure what's going yeah I think when
I Bieber like what do you think I'm like
I don't that sexual preference at this
point to me is about as interesting as
like your workout region like I just
don't care like what are you doing there
you go cool no what I care about are you
funny are you funny and are you cool
yeah and and like do we have shit to
talk about right great
yeah I don't I couldn't care less who's
what type a hand you like jerk and yeah
you know I mean like I think what kind
of a mouth with some guys with like Tim
Dylan I think it's an advantage with his
act that he's gay yes he's so ridiculous
and over-the-top and he's like big fat
gay guy yeah but he doesn't really talk
to other you talk about ever talk about
it sometimes yeah but I mean you know
it's not a big deal to him he treats it
the way a guy treats his sexuality like
you don't have to go blaring through the
streets that you're straight all the
time like you are I usually assume
you're really not right right there's no
yeah there's straight you're straight
yeah if you're not no one fucking cares
in the comedy community literally no one
cares yeah it doesn't it makes any
difference so the only thing that bums
me out when guys hide it it's like calm
does it bum you out for them or you for
them yeah I'd really boast but having
said that I get it I get it like it's a
real bummer it's sad we know you know
the few guys that are in the closet it's
you just feel bad for them like Zach
like yeah man I hope it's not unbearable
right you know domain like like I get
while you're why you're in the closet
I get why actors in the closet like
especially male actors like because it
doesn't serve them to come out it's not
gonna it's not gonna help them I think
it's the worst thing for them in terms
of like getting roles as a heterosexual
mm-hmm if you're a known homosexual you
almost can't get roles as a heterosexual
yeah I remember there was some who is
what is that guy's name Neil Patrick
Harris he was in something where he
played like this arrogant guy who likes
girls he was in know with well no we and
know it was on to uh how I Met Your
Mother
yeah and that worked he also played a
straight guy in gone girl pretty well
yeah was that before or it was at a both
been after really and I was out cuz I
said I was surprised that that's what he
played but like certain people they just
I don't know he might be the only guy
that I agree that like he came out and
it's not then he's he you buy it somehow
as a romantic lead you think that it's
like it cancels that out like if Tom
Cruise decided to come out if Tom Cruise
is gay and he decided to come out like
that would be a real problem you know
what I was talking to somebody about
this the other day you know would be a
hilarious movie idea gay couple caught
Tom Cruise and John Travolta John
Travolta gets kidnapped and gay Tom
Cruise has to save his gay husband John
Travolta and but other than that it's a
real action movie it's just gay I like
it would that be fucking cool like you
like just a straight gay if anyone out
there's a screenwriter that have at it
cuz I'm never gonna write it with that
fly would people enjoy that like if it
was really good like John wick style I
think it would I really think it would
if it was if the guy just kick it's not
like gay guys are like a feat in the fan
I know
like rough gay guys it'll whoop your ass
laughs bro
bears bro they gotta pick up their own
growl that's how fucking bad these guys
are yeah I do really it would be fucking
so cool like he was gonna yet cuz that's
how I feel with someone like drunk um
and I'm like I don't care okay I know
it's never come up we we've been good
friends for a decade just never came up
yeah my kid he didn't seem that
interested in women but I don't also
don't think he's not introduced just
maybe a little there's definitely a
spectrum right and people are just yeah
and that's fine too yeah yeah I'm also
not mad like if I were on the spectrum I
think I would absolutely do it yeah I'm
just not on the spectrum like I but any
type of opportunity there's a lot of
nights a year Joe oh yeah
there's 365 nights a year oh yeah you
could you're not gonna do the pussy yeah
say man I spun it up dammit I had the
best joke about that he goes he goes I
he goes this is how little I give a fuck
he goes I wish I was gay just so I could
come out yes I wish I wish I had a
secret like that yeah that's a little I
give a fuck it's like it's joke about
I'm gaining weight for a movie I don't
know what the movie is yet but yeah but
yeah gay action we would fantastic I
like it I don't he'll I within a year or
two people would be definitely ready for
it I if it were a legit good action
movie yeah I think they'd be if it were
Tom Hart even if maybe if they were both
one of them was straight and one of them
is Tom Hardy and he just plays gay and
like he it's it's taken but it doesn't
have to be two gay guys could be even
crazier two straight guys who have to
make out yeah they could be played by
two straight guys absolutely then we're
right now we're talking now we're really
talking now you're talkin no commitment
because I was thinking about do wimp if
Tom Cruise was gay right and he just
came out and there's a movie where yes
to save his wife would women not believe
it junetta main like yes like so if you
come out so it's like alright so now in
the next mission impossible
they just kidnapped his husband yeah
well for sure you could do that with
lesbians if you had two hot lesbians oh
yeah of course hundred percent yeah no
there's no issue that would be no
problem there'd be no resistance and
that's the difference between a lesbian
actress they can go a woman who's a
lesbian you know why I believe gay
straight because there's a big portion
of men who never truly believe a lesbian
I have a bit about it yeah I had a bit
about from one of my old specials it's
like we believe that you believe you're
a lesbian yeah but you just ain't got a
piece of this we stick yet you never
spent a Saturday with million Apple bees
I hate you with an Applebee's and the
bar corner bar forget it
the panty-dropper tequila shots when he
got Brokeback Mountain yeah it wasn't
really an action though I know for sure
that both of those guys are not gay we
do not we us I mean Jake Gyllenhaal
straight and you say so
Heath Ledger but you saw that movie
house tree I mean come on man you saw he
thought you believed it jack know what's
that good an actor definitely crazy
there's no way he could play crazy that
guy's definitely gay trust me I know
things I've seen many movies and
understand them I know when someone's
acting and someone's just yeah hey a
fucking kid yeah that was easy for him
ya know it would be that but running
around yeah that could happen that could
I think that could happen I think we're
on the verge of that I would enjoy it
I'm happy for it because then people
stop getting free passes where you're
goofy but you're gay so we let you slide
with right silly behavior like no no no
no I want equality I want you me to be
able to call you a dunce and not have to
worry about being homophobic and no one
hears gay dunce right when you say yous
guys a fucking dummy dunce yeah I got
you're homophobic yeah oh my god oh my
god yeah it's the that's how it would go
at the Comedy Cellar like just like this
fucking dunce down here it would count
did I hear that the Comedy Cellar is
like seriously has a social justice
warrior infestation
they need to like spray the place oh I
don't I mean when I've been there and
hasn't been like that I mean they've
been there been people writing about it
they're been Reming it's like the comedy
sellers like the main hub um culture now
it's a hub of wellness I mean it but
it's also like the the main battlefield
of wilderness where it's like Lily came
and they were protesters and then I
couldn't sit at the table and I because
it's like my right I mean I don't think
it's pull your dick out yeah I told
Louie to pull it dick out and she was a
hero I was I was quoting all these
tweets that were talking about it and
articles were written hero she was
heroic I think that I think someone sent
me a Louie article today I think there's
just fatigue at this point yes I think
people are just like taught like what's
he I don't okay like try to find a new
stormy Daniels article yeah everybody's
like enough yeah it's right we thought
it was gonna work it didn't yeah fuck
he doesn't care she Justin Martindale
was and I'll never forget he's in the
fucking hallway of the college store as
flamboyant as he could ever be yeah and
he goes that's our Monica Lewinsky she's
gonna take him down I'm like good luck
stormy Daniel yeah I'm like good luck I
ain't gonna do shit yeah so what's the
worst thing that comes out of this that
he fucked her or they paid her to keep
quiet and she didn't keep quiet what's
the worst thing do we think he doesn't
fuck yeah it's all different strains I'm
like we knew he was gross no one cared
the only way that wheel it goes even
raises taxes yeah or then he'll lose his
base or you raise the taxes on lower
middle class people and if he if he like
doesn't stand by his abortion stuff but
otherwise all the donors are sticking
with them everyone sticking with them
what happened yesterday there was a new
abortion ruling was in an Alabama yes
that it basically outlawed
I personally believe it's gonna backfire
you think so yeah because I think people
the thing that that's always been true
was Republicans were against abortion
and they would go like we and they'd
never got to repeal it right but I think
they're gonna repeal it and then people
are gonna go like whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa this is crazy if you don't want to
get abortions fine but you can't
change a law based on a lot of times not
even a plurality of you know like in
general elections like in the general
presidential election like it's not even
the majority the country that elects the
president now what it who vote it was
just something that the people of
Alabama being now it's the it's the
government like that the state
legislation
yeah and it's like you're going you're
doing ninety-nine years in jail if you
know if you give an abortion or that one
yeah that's what it is now yeah that's
what it's gonna judge the law that they
passed I just personally believe that I
mean I'm obviously hopeful but it's a
bit like now that's too far it's a bit
like when they made Clinton testify and
people are like yeah that was - that was
like the the the - too far a line was
crossed when they made Clinton testify
about his sex life and it was like hmm
we don't like that we understand that
you wanted to reduce the guy but don't
make the press and I feel like I'm
hoping and I believe it's true that it
will be too far afield for moderate
people I hope you're right and it's just
it's very dangerous when you just decide
that no one can do it anymore based on a
few people's decision mm-hmm that is
going to affect the millions of people
that live in Alabama
well laws are odd because it it's the
assumption is the reason Christians want
to outlaw it is because they think God
is gonna say what's with your vote on
that I saw that you voted for abortion
what like you want to kill babies yes so
you want to kill babies like well not
and I didn't kill any babies yeah but
you voted for it's like they don't want
to live in a country where that's legal
having said that if you googled the
worldwide rights of abortion it's not
legal everywhere which surprised me
because I was like where is it what is
America's where do we stand within the
rest of the world and there are not a
ton of countries but there's an there's
I think it's illegal in a quarter of the
world Wow
if not more well Borgia
is one of those things where it's like
okay when does it bother you doesn't
bother me at all if you're two days
pregnant doesn't bother me at all
it bothers me a little of your four
months pregnant bothers me a lot if
you're five or six bothers me a lot if
you look really pregnant you get an
abortion it's like what it what is that
is that a baby that would be viable
outside the womb because it's one of
those it's it's something that people
just have a deep discomfort about when
discussing even if you're a supporter of
it if you just discuss the actual
reality of what it is what the Act is
what this surgical procedure is and it
makes you know it's not it's not nothing
that's not not forever like and and I
think that one of the indicators it's
not nothing
and I'm Pro pro-choice design yeah like
your right wing Jo everybody knows that
so I'm so far right I go the other way
and left the back side the I actually do
want to talk about that the the
presumption about you that you know the
one of the indicators is when people
talk about even getting an abortion they
are they always whispering this stigma
or things because they it's kind of not
nothing yeah it's a it's a personal
thing to I don't think they want to
discuss it with other folks but I
wouldn't care if you got it if I got a
cyst removed I mean if that's the
indication just yeah if it's just a
medical procedure and again pro-choice
have at it
yeah I'm sure I've never I don't I
haven't had any abortions that I know of
but I don't I don't know at what point I
would be like ah and these attitudes
about it about the taboo of discussing
it though and impedes rational discourse
it impedes your ability to talk about
things and communicate about them
because you have to have this very rigid
opinion that you're always pro-abortion
Pro women's rights woman's right to
choose which I am it it but we're still
talking about a real thing and that real
thing is killing a thing that would grow
up to be a person and that's why people
freaked out about it and to pretend
otherwise yes just disingenuous Louie
was the first one I heard to talk about
that on stage and in a way that was
funny we're like if they think they're
bird
he's down there yeah I'd protest - yeah
if I thought they were if there was a
place that I thought these people are
murdering babies right I'm out there
every day yeah he's like I don't care I
personally think they are murdering
babies I don't care got in trouble and
yeah this is one of the things like when
like that parkland joke that he did I
was like that's not his best joke but
it's also he's working it out yeah
doesn't stand up in ten fucking months
he's working it out but if you say that
he's different now we're getting to see
the real Louie like bitch you better go
through his library yeah that's what he
did
yeah the purpose is like his ninth most
offensive joke yeah not even close he's
he's that's what he does it's called
comedy yeah the idea was like well but
we didn't know he was he didn't know him
you assume what you believed what he fed
or you wanted to believe I actually I
have a theory that one of the reasons
people like the New York Times and and
and other media outlets got brought the
hammer down so hard on him is because
they'd heard the rumors and ignored them
so now they have to signal that like
this is wrong because there were rumors
before right and they were like we don't
like they would they ignored them so now
they have to overcompensate be like he
is absolutely he's the face of hypocrisy
and evil okay well he just caught it at
the worst time yeah exactly
yeah he just says that's a bad he had
beachfront property during a tart you
got the deep stilts not the fucker yeah
like he had such ones your flat here's
what I want to talk about with you the
idea because whenever I tell people
we're friends or that I go on your show
they're like how can I'm like first of
all cuz you're a fuckin good dude and
have been a good dude for 27 years that
I know of to me make you it doesn't mean
you're always good whatever you're
always good to do it every time I said
whatever I don't fuckin know your life I
don't know what you do outside of fuckin
Encino the
and now the next question becomes why do
you have cranks on what people would
consider cranks on the show and you and
I have talked about this a little bit
off the show explain because you are
basically liberal yes but you believe in
having hardcore right-wing people on
because you like them personally or you
like you believe it's worth some of them
I like personally so it's worth having a
conversation like ben shapiro was one
that had a long conversation with he's
one of the more controversial guys that
i'm on but people get upset at me and
call me an alt writer meanwhile he's
been attacked by the alt-right you know
I mean he wears a yarmulke for Christ's
sake he's not all right it's not a white
supremacist by any stretch of the
imagination he was the number one target
for anti-semitic remarks in the entire
world the 2016 but we had a in-depth
conversation a very long one about gay
people yeah cuz he's I saw a little bit
of it where he was like he kind of
didn't he kind of got a little lost well
yeah because it doesn't well he had two
different take here's like David Parkman
had an interesting take on it Pakman
said that if you look at his explanation
cuz I asked him a couple things I'm like
do you really believe that Moses part of
the Red Sea and he said I would look for
more naturalistic explanation for that
but then when I talked to him about gay
people and gay things he wasn't exactly
in a naturalistic explanation and he
also wasn't interested in giving people
the ability to do whatever they want
he felt like you're not you're supposed
to resist that and his take is that like
you you have an urge to murder people
but you don't do it because you're a
good person and you should do the same
thing with being gay and I was like wow
that's a crazy that's crazy mental
gymnastics so that is a naturally
natural occurring thing that God is
testing you with I mean I'm putting work
as many I think but essentially that's
his position his position is that God
doesn't want you to do that it's in the
Bible he doesn't do it I mean he goes
hard yeah he doesn't use electricity and
the Sabbath till the Sun Goes Down the
whole deal yeah
and you know a lot of people like you
know you giving this guy a platform like
look I'm communicating with someone and
I like him as a person he's a very nice
guy I don't agree with him at all about
that about the game you believe it's
worth giving people a platform but it
should see well I'm not flattered but
like I think that's a real problem
that's discussing things like that like
giving people a platform yeah because
we're living in this world of D platform
yeah people I think that's inherently
dangerous and I think that just stopping
people from their ability to communicate
just makes more pressure on their side
it makes more people that are on the
fence support them because I see you as
being a censor and that's why I think we
found out with Jack from Twitter of Jack
Dorsey when he came on and talked to me
about it and when he brought vid John
who's the lawyer and you know like
censoring one is censoring all sort of
it's not smart it's it's not good it
does the opposite of what are you
intended to do it makes the other side
magnified it makes whoever you're
censoring more popular and makes them an
underdog and it also goes against core
American values like the freedom of
speech and I know that these are private
institutions and I know that they're not
necessarily forced to uphold what we
determine as free speech in terms of
like how it's written in the
Constitution in the Bill of Rights I get
I understand that but I think that the
principles of human interaction on this
planet are largely dictated by our
ability to discuss things even if you
disagree I actually do agree with you
that that the I think like deep
platforming and silencing and he's a
danger I don't there are very few people
that well there's no one that I agree
with 100% of the time right including
yourself yes including your joke about
like you don't agree with yourself like
I don't I don't like real
yeah well that's also there's something
Buddhist about it which is like your
thoughts are not correct right they're
not even your thoughts they're just like
pendant upon your ocean sometimes yes
their dependence upon your stress levels
yeah
you know sometimes you just like your
you just don't have it in you like stop
yeah other times the same situation
you'd be super calm and reasonable and
maybe you could turn it around yeah if
you've eaten yeah like the I think
yesterday doctors are worse in the
afternoon
judges are worse I've heard search
before we get surgeries in them yeah
yeah so - you're right wait I think the
right wing thing is just an easy way to
dismiss me because I'm not right wing if
you ask me my positions on things it's
very left-wing yeah the only thing that
I very with the orthodoxy is with the
Second Amendment with gun rights I don't
think it's that simple I know a lot of
really good people that have guns and I
know a lot of really good people that
never shoot anybody that have guns to
protect themselves yeah and to label
everyone the same is just like labeling
everyone who drives a car the same as
those in cells that drove into people in
Montreal or were that it was it was at
Toronto wherever that was
yeah it's we have a real problem
labeling people and labeling people with
it's lazy and it's in attempt to
marginalize or dismiss their positions
and it also feels good yeah to do it it
feels good to like I guess what writing
them off I'm superior I have a very
clear moral view mhm I'm taking out one
of my moral paintbrushes Jones ooh you
are that mean even if it's not a moral
position even if like that Neal Brennan
he's such a left-wing cuck yeah he's
this into that and boom there you go I
got him in a box I'm gonna put a ribbon
on it yep ship him off so you've read
the comments yes when I'm on the
canceled you're canceled I hear yeah
that so I brought up that makeup boy and
the makeup of my daughter's in Lovelace
she washes his makeup one tube and now
he's been canceled I understand he lost
three millionaire and she's she was
telling me to have an eleven-year-old
sit down and tell you about a gay makeup
artist and this is the funny part she
goes well there was a couple things okay
so there was the thing with he has a
friend who and he tells me this woman's
name who got him into the business and
then she asked him to promote her hair
stuff but he said no and he went with
another hair stuff so he totally totally
betrayed her all right it's like 11 year
olds telling me this and then this was
the best part she goes there was also
some talk that you know he is gay and
there was boys that were not gay and he
tried to get them to be in a room with
him it's like listening to an 11 year
old tell me more by the way
that also could have been how that's how
that's the tone of the internet anyway
as an 11 year old girl at least it came
from an eleven year girl instead of like
so-and-so's cancelled like yeah no
you're a fucking 44 don't go why are you
talking like a little girl you're on a
fuck you're on BuzzFeed you're on Fox
like it's in the point where the New
York Times is gonna be doing that like
did sit close to it now I mean I think
that Alabama
oh it's abortion people yeah what it is
is the media right now especially
journalism they're fucking starving for
hits it's just so hard to make money
it's so hard it's so they're drowning
yeah and so they're trying to grab
whatever branches they can yeah they
gotta make a good story with a clickbait
ii title fuck it behind deceptive title
who gives a shit yeah we got a good
store that story's vetted yeah and even
if it's not totally vetted if it's a
little slippery but that you can make an
amendment later you know I'm sorry we
need a little bit of apology and we have
to make a retraction yeah let me read
those goddamn retractions know you
should have to have a retract if you if
you fuck up so hardcore that you
attribute a crime to someone or you do
something like that and make it a
retraction it should be on the front
page your paper and nothing else for a
month yeah that's it this is your
newspaper name I'm sorry we don't get to
tell you the news anymore by the way
fuck this up so hard that we printed out
to millions of people you have to just
put in a little column in the corner
yeah we'd like to apologize my month
also 9/11 half planes run into the World
Trade Center and too hard to be a
journalist man well that's what I this
is what another day I wanted which is
absolute meaning if you believe like I
still believe in like institutional
journalists I believe in New Times I
believe in as well Washington Post like
so and you use the fact that they wrote
about a UFC fight they just said he was
bloody and earlier he wasn't just a bad
very bad description it was very
inaccurate I'm like why would you do
that you guys are crazy that the New
York Times is allowing this yeah
completely an accurate description of
something that
millions of people yeah it's so silly
and it makes everybody question
everything else you say and you might
think it's trivial because it's just a
boxing match but it's completely
inaccurate yeah and completely
exaggerating what actually went down
well if you you've had articles written
about you they fuck up everything yeah
every but now having said that we can't
dismiss all the dirt like there needs to
be an absolute kind of an absolute truth
and that's what I feel like is sort of
melting in this era of anyone goes like
well they said this and that's not true
so everything else they say is fucking
bullshit right of course which I think
the the Trump does a lot and I think
people are all too happy to believe it
because they resent institutions they
resent these smartypants motherfuckers
which I also get I get the impulse
I just don't think New York Times right
yes a smartness the old gray lady yeah
and it's like it just plays on every
stereotype like there are so many
stereotypes at work that can make you
write it off I think we're in a
transitionary period that's what I think
I think what do you think it gets
replaced by them that's the real problem
the real problem is they they have all
their pieces all the best journalists
right all the best people are all locked
into two ancient systems one ancient
system is print medium the other ancient
system is broadcast medium the broadcast
medium the ancient product part of it is
it has to go on at a certain time
Tuesdays at 8:00 p.m. and then you have
to sit there and wait for the
commercials unless you DVR it right so
that's inherently flawed and then the
print medium well they figured out a way
to get it on your laptop and your phone
now so okay they've got a little bit of
a workaround there but they have a
really hard time getting people to sign
up for digital subscriptions is the
distributions not nearly as good as it
used to be yeah it's hard it's hard to
get people to buy newspapers but at
least they've they've got their foot in
the door with click titles like the
times in the poster yeah are pretty
successful online they're actually doing
much better because of President Trump
yeah because he talks so much shit about
them the people actually said I need to
see what the New York Times what is it
well the yeah because they're like fuck
man this guy's child yeah that's yeah
responsible he's trying to match how I
think you might have with abortion where
it's like oh wait whoa I don't even want
to get it but if you if this is where
you motherfuckers we're headed because
they were being held back it was like
motherfucker I'll fuck you up
and then they got free and now they're
beating the shit out of abortion people
like whoa accidental pregnancies are the
real problem it's not even I mean
obviously abortion is a solution right
if you have to if you want to do it but
if the accidental pregnancy is the real
fuckin problem like it should be it's
one of the things that I talked about
with Jesse Itzel who was on the other
day we're talking about genetic
engineering so like they're gonna
eventually one day move away from sex
for procreation and sex is just gonna be
for fun she's gonna people bonding and
joining each other's bodies that's not
gonna be how we procreate we're gonna
we're going to procreate through some
sort of you like cause it'll certainly
drastically reduce the amount of people
that have kids you know but what he said
is everyone do you freeze your eggs and
like give sperm I don't know how they're
gonna do it I don't know how they're
gonna do it I mean I think there's also
the problem that the baby supposedly
bonds inside the mother's body like to
have a baby grow up in some sort of a
fucking weird electronic womb and then
you make that kid a fucking sociopath
Brian no connection to people when he's
born doesn't give a fuck just so it'll
be yeah I mean there was that test-tube
baby thing which I think started before
me but I remember that being an insult
they put the bot but the baby in the
block yeah they put the embryos in the
person's body and there is the thing of
surrogates yes so they who'd of a bond
life that's a weird one man like that's
that's the Kim Kardashian way now yeah
and she's having a bunch of babies with
surrogates like you know you show up for
the wedding or that you show up for the
birth and a fucking tight skirt and like
yeah my baby I'm born today like what
what you're you have your clothes on
yeah it was happening here yeah I think
now she's I got I hired some my friend I
got a girl on it my friend actually did
that he's gay and he and his husband
they they mix their sperm they shot it
in Turkey based or something into some
gal
I might even follow science too tight
anyway she got pregnant their surrogate
got pregnant had the baby and decided to
keep it decided she couldn't part with
it and it's their baby so it's their DNA
and mixed with hers and she decided to
keep it and she got away with it
did they sue her they just were like oh
I don't know I didn't want to push they
were very upset and then upon they wound
up getting another surrogate and then
having a child and everything worked out
was quite a while ago yeah but they were
really bummed out man I mean they were
ready to be parents but then you know
some people say well they were never
gonna be parents in the first place
because we're good no didn't even have
sex with her right but it is their baby
right it's their DNA that meant that but
it's not they didn't adopt a child right
they chose to have a surrogate so ya
know it's complicated and it's getting
well that's the thing of like it feels
like the level of danger and difficulty
in the world its just getting steeper by
the day we're like wait what and then
there's always global warming you're
like oh fuck do you see a fucking the
science guy Bill Nye going crazy
screaming when he was on Oliver oh yeah
the planets on fucking fire and yeah a
little silly yeah I know
all right no I saw the thing that an
TARDIS is like 84 degrees oh my god it's
on fire I mean yeah yeah do you really
see something yeah it was 85
yeah something in the art circles 84
degrees playing three days ago fuck that
what it's gonna be a it's gonna be do
you ever think about like global warming
but really what it will look like like
in 70 years what it will do to the art
like and I'm not talking about just
Miami's gone or any that's like
incredibly like crazy to think about
it's not available those Miami people
they're gonna move other places and ruin
that's probably the biggest that's my
biggest worry lamborghinis Jelena girls
in Spanish eating outside everyone's
fucking eating outside but like would
you fucking get indoors you maniac a lot
of salsa
I love Gustafson like North Carolina
like fuck out of here
salsa dancing fuck out of here with the
fucking dead ain't been a thing that's a
good bit there they're like another
country that's attached to Florida yeah
it's like Europe it's always saying it's
like people do you see like Italian
people like in Beverly Hills or Miami
and that I always say to my friend those
are people that were too douchey for a
Toli we gotta take it to the next to
douchey level Miami deep yeah that but
but you think about like okay I'm like
not like 28 days later but like yeah you
know like huge like scary fucking scary
especially because we're gonna be near
dead and no disrespect you're not gonna
be in the same shape here and now and
you're not you do I mean people may give
you respect
mmm but like it's gonna be fucking scary
we're gonna have to move to the
mountains where would you move to shit
hit the fan somebody Sam who's what's
Callens friend Sam fighters mine Sam
cedar no Sam the fighters mind he wrote
him and how can I not remember his name
yeah this is gonna be worth it guess
listeners this is Sam Sam Sheridan
that's right yeah I'm sure thank you
told me ten years ago and stuck with me
go to the marina cuz I live in Venice
mm-hmm he's like go to the marina and
basically just get basically you got to
pay to get on a boat or just be like I
will be the hard part is how do I
qualify to like I can help
right cuz I get seasick here's what I
have go for its seasick Boies cuz you
just get away you get away from from
anyone you get away from in LA's case
millions and millions people and you can
if there's a attacker you can see them
you assume that they're not gonna be
like you know SEAL Teams coming out of
your boat attackers well I know but
that's what I mean like how crazy could
it get yeah you got to go to Alaska
but how do you get there it's a good
call I'll do can you dry reports closed
and I mean I or lights connected right
you could drive you could technically
drive yeah technically cut off that road
all the time in like the Napa Valley cuz
the landslide will show a fuck you gonna
go and your funds yeah it's like burrs
got the helicopter but he's it's he's
got to go to get it yeah that's his
escape
I had a great bit about that yeah quite
special yeah yeah I would move north I'd
probably move somewhere that was if I
could just go to a place if I knew I
just had to get to a place I would go to
a place that is sustainable like whether
it's Alaska Minnesota or Michigan
somewhere there's a lot of animals and
there's wildlife and you have you have
cold you have water you have a lot like
cold is better than heat because cold
you can make a fire like if you have
shelter and you can make a fire and a
cold you can live I have a
counter-argument which is I don't I the
cold kills more people than he does like
every yes but that's just because you
know people are unprepared for it you
can prepare for cold with clothing you
can't really prepare for heat with
clothing with heat you need air
conditioning and you need water there's
a shade yeah you need something if you
live it like this people that have lived
in very cold climates as long as they
have a good house and they have a good
supply of wood they're fine if you live
in the desert man you kind of fucked
you're kind of fucked if the power goes
out you don't really have anything to
keep you cool you have to stay in the
shade and stay indoors but it's not good
enough when it's 110 degrees inside it's
100 and if you're hydrated as well I
don't think you will just die from its
from heat exposure you won't but you're
not gonna find a lot of water one of the
problems with global warming is gonna be
that things like lakes lakes and streams
are gonna there's gonna be less there's
less water it's gonna be less dribbling
down to the creaks creaks we're gonna
dry up streams will dry up you gonna
have a hard time getting water if you're
in a desert environment if you have bite
by the same token if you have enough
water you have as much water as you have
would obviously
that it's not a one-to-one analogy
because you can go get more wood easily
yeah but if you had a shitload of water
right if you just had like I hear your
thought about getting cold but I don't
know if I had shade I guess you don't I
guess with cold you don't have to have
electricity you don't have to have
electricity with cold and also you have
more of an opportunity to find animals
you'll find more animals in cold
climates and you're gonna for delicious
animals for sure yeah more things to eat
but you might you could still easily
easily starve to death like the idea
that it's easy to go out there and and
shoot a bunch of animals and eat them
all the time like not most places most
places you don't have an abundant enough
supply of wildlife
you're also a guy who does archery yeah
I know you have skills for this and I
would still be panicked I'd be like fuck
this is not good if I have feed my
family with a bow and arrow first of all
I'd say okay how many arrows do I have I
would have to make sure that I have
enough arrows I mean yeah you have to
practice two arteries not like a rifle
if I have a hundred rounds I can kill a
hundred things I don't really need to
practice that much if my rifles on off I
can I have good trigger discipline I'll
pull through the shot I'll try not to
flinch and I'm not only literally those
three things I have no fucking idea
we're done shooting you don't want to
anticipate who I anticipate I go yeah
you don't want to flinch when the
trigger goes off so a lot of guys like
Tim Kennedy who's a friend of mine who's
one of the baddest motherfuckers in the
world
he'll practice with dummy rounds so he
has regular bullets and then four
bullets are just not real bullets so
it's like bang bang bang click and then
he has to get rid of that that bullet
but he least he knows if he was
flinching because if you're flinch and
you'll see this movement with right no
no gun goes off the bullet doesn't go
off but you make that weird moot because
you're anticipating the shot and that's
the way to train yourself out of it yeah
you have to do something like that you
have to have what's called trigger
discipline well first of all trigger
discipline means don't put your finger
on the trigger but also the way you
squeeze you got to just squeeze squeeze
squeeze squeeze and let the shot go out
by surprise and not real
to it it's the same thing with a bow and
arrow you have to have a surprise shot
you want you wanted to just you want to
concentrate on the target zone it in and
which feels like you kind of can't even
be there meaning like you just have to
be like I'm doing a thing you know like
you can't think about the release you
have to just think about the target
that's very astute of you there's
actually courses is a guy named joel
turner who has this whole course called
shot IQ he's a he teaches first
responders like SWAT teams and shed the
out trigger discipline and about how to
shoot properly under pressure and he
works with people with archery with us
it with the same thing because it's it's
a psychological thing to be able to but
my point is with a bow and arrow you're
kind of fucked you need a lot of goddamn
arrow so you need to make sure that bow
is gonna stay okay with a hannibal -
like like a deer well your deer or bear
would be like the most edible thing yeah
you want a bear if you have a bear you
can eat that motherfucker for a long
time and you could take that fat and you
could render the fat down use it for
cooking and use it for you know you can
do do a lot of things with it and that
meat is a lot of meat anything big you
want a big animal because you want to be
able to dry it out make jerky you want
to have something that's gonna sustain
you for a few days or weeks until you
find another animal you're gonna want to
dig a hole in the ground to make some
sort of cold storage you want to get
below like the frost line yeah if you
got it you got to protect it from other
pairs yeah you got it you're gonna have
to do a lot of things and you're
probably not gonna make enough food it
sounds hard it's the hardest yeah every
time I go on a hunting trip I always
think like imagine if this is the only
way I could get food yeah it's so
goddamn hard to get close to an animal
it's so hard yeah people see videos of
it like on YouTube and there's the deer
and you draw your bow back and you hit
it in the heart and the deers down and
everybody celebrates well you don't see
as days and days of working all day long
just go if you could watch from a
livestream of the moment a hunt start to
the moment you're successful and you
just sat through the whole thing like as
the fucking games of Thrones marathon
then you would understand it but even
then you wouldn't really because you
wouldn't be out there in the cold
exhausted hiking uphill going thousands
of
up and down at elevation and then the
wind shifts and the deer smells unit
darts off you're like fuck it's hard man
it's like tedious and to survive off of
that see I'm doing it from my own food
but if I don't get a deer I'm gonna live
I'll go to a restaurant if you're if
your only option is deer that you catch
and kill and find your shot or sick oh
my god and you gotta fucking catch a
deer that's when you wonder you know you
wonder how am I gonna watch them starve
to death that must have been really
exciting for Native Americans serve just
any ancient people of just like getting
like like you know I think we could kill
above all yeah we all like we all have
to be fed like we all have to team up
and that's why humans have survived but
like they must have been so fuckin like
it's celebration like an Ewok
celebration you know what's crazy to
this day there are these areas where
they find a lot of arrowheads mm-hmm
because they would drive these Buffalo
off cliffs
yeah how fucking nuts is that like yeah
I know the spots where they would drive
them off cliffs and fall down and
sometimes the bodies would decay cuz I
didn't need all of it right there did a
hundred buffalo fly off the cliff is
only a thousand Native Americans got in
this spot what the fuck they're gonna do
yeah they're gonna eat as much how we
gonna get rid of the three but the
rotten ones literally exploded and
caused a forest fire in one area they
think a forest fire was caused by a
rotting pile of Buffalo that eventually
exploded like a whale explosion yeah
like that kind of deal Google that make
sure that's not horse shit cuz it sounds
like a lie coming out of my mouth they
believe that a rotting pile of bison was
responsible for starting a fire yeah
because that's how they because they
found like all this charred like stuff
and they're like they were trying to
piece it together if I remember the
story properly and I think they were
like this might have happened because
the bodies rotted so much they exploded
and it started fuck cuz it's like you
have the gases from all this rotting
tissue like you know whales explode on
the beach they splatter ya people yeah
fantastic so they're trying to take this
to a next
like how much heat would be generated by
all this bacteria like what kind of
explosion could this make yeah and also
why would the explosion is it a spark
light cause I was in with gooey methane
gases and rotten gases yeah like there
would have to be some something to
ignite it you know those little
arrowheads they find you're supposed to
leave them in a lot of places if you
find we're supposed to leave them there
just for like luck or something for you
go fuck yourself I'm leavin shit Wow
yeah Arrowhead like oh you have to leave
it I know where it's guys if I can going
up there yeah where is it going like Wiz
if I leave it someone else can pick it
up yeah yeah but good man have a good
person no no you can't have it is that
like the parks commissioners or Nathan I
know when I was hunting in Nevada they
said that if you found that Arrowhead
yet to leave it there huh oh you know
what I haven't talked to you about that
uh doing these big venues no Reno's yeah
weird how do you like it it's fun man
San Diego was a lot of fun it's um it's
strange though it's a lot of goddamn
people does it feel like disconnected no
not didn't surprisingly San Diego was
interesting like the people that were in
the front they were right there man it
was my name is it seven thousand now San
Diego was twelve something almost
thirteen thousand to thirteen thousand
yeah yeah it's a lot of people and they
was in the round yeah that was weird -
and did you have a plan nope like I
guess you can't really think about you
can't worry about the people that are
behind you you can't you got well they
have giant screens everywhere right
everybody got to see you I definitely
was aware of the magnitude of the show
and I did a lot of sets that week I do
like eight nine seven yeah that week
before I did it look funny thing was I
didn't understand I was like how is he
not selling this out and then I saw like
oh it's a fucking arena yeah I was like
I thought Joe was as popular he's ever
been and then I'm like why is this guy
posted so much and then I'm like out
because it's a
yeah hard to get that last last thousand
I know and you're still and you can't
the I don't know if it's the human mind
or like the competitive comedy mind but
like can't leave it alone you want that
fucking thousand what you wanna hear
you're sold out yeah like doesn't like
yeah but you don't want to go sell Joe
Rogan 12,000 people you would sit hold
like twelve nine yeah uh what a pussy
you can't even get nine hundred more
people yeah like you bro
and you would kind not you would think
it's a failure but you would always be
like yeah Josh wall showed me a picture
once of him on stage open enough for
Larry the Cable Guy in front of 50,000
he did a football stadium Jesus get her
done well that's what Kevin art does
those big I mean he does one of his
Netflix but yes like 49,000 people yeah
I'm fucking insane if I mean that I
wouldn't want to see that I wouldn't
want to go to that we third balcony like
what do you even I mean I don't know but
people like communal experiences like
that yes I think that's a good way to
put it but like when a venues fifty
thousand you're just far away yeah
but I guess if you like signs and
everyone's in there together
it's you've created a culture so people
go to be a part of the culture my cabins
created a culture Larry the Cable Guy
created a culture so people go it's like
to be around their brothers and sisters
kind of kind of I mean straight up
though why not like it's even
intentional that's the thing I like
about podcasting as a successful medium
and your pockets in particular is like
this shit you're you're into comedy
you're into fucking weed you're into
UFOs and the unexplained you're into
government conspiracies you're into
gender issues you're you're legitimately
into all this stuff and you created a
tent where everybody feels like welcome
my guy it's gonna talk about the thing
that I've got like you're interested in
a lot of shit generally you're not going
I'm only interested in comedy or more
neesh about it you just like this shit
you're into your inventions and fire and
guns and
hunting you're just into a bunch of shit
legitimately and you express it and
people love it well that's the
difference between actually being in
shit and talking about things you're
into versus talking about the things you
think will be popular right yeah you
kind of you can't you can't do that for
I guess you can't think of anybody could
but you'd get off the top year off the
top of my head who that would be it
would be obvious that you weren't really
tuned in you wouldn't be really
interested in it you're not you you
wouldn't be as enthusiastic yeah way and
you are genuinely you only have on
people that you genuinely like or
genuinely interested in and doesn't
matter if they're famous not famous like
whatever it's controversial not
controversial like it's just shit that
you're into you're expressing it's the
the another reason why I like pockets
it's like watching someone exist yeah
it's like an expression of your
subconscious or your your brain like
it's like the typical day in your brain
I'm just like I like this and then I go
over here and then and you and you've
been able to like do it in a way which
is why it's so popular it's like it is
popular but it's not even the right word
it's like resonant with people yeah I
think for a long time people have been
doing shows where the show was produced
and there's a bunch of people behind the
scenes and whatever that person is it's
it's almost more difficult for them to
get their personality to shine through
all that shit but it's just stuff that
you're really interested in yeah that
people go to and it's also CPU like and
then segura takes off and bird takes off
and uh Who am I forgetting the Joey
takes off I didn't know how long you'd
been Friends of Joey Joey guy has been
friends for 23 years yeah
vo like guys that you just genuinely
like like that they're just kind of like
even the the like the sober October
thing or like it's you know the numbers
are massive yeah
it's cuz it's like it's show it's like a
I know it's everybody's a character and
it's like an old radio play and like
here comes fuckin
Bert Kreischer you think he you got
something called the Mickey Mantle team
what the hell is the Mickey Mantle
thinking about like everybody's got like
it's setup and it's it's not like it's
sloppy in a fun way
yeah and and it's cool and you get to
reap all the reward all the guys that
are responsible for the because the
other thing is so many this is the first
time like in in certainly in media
history where guys are in charge of
their own everything yeah like sure you
own the Labe I mean there's not even a
lei but it's just my thing there artist
tried like the Beatles had a record
label and they would bring people on and
then they would they it always got
fucked up every single time and this I
feel like it's the first time where it's
like Segura's got like you know his
umbrella now he's got like his he's got
his spin-offs and it's fucking excellent
it's just amazing excellent it's so
great I was talking to a guy who used to
be in charge at Viacom and we were
talking about you know when they when
people do shows now like you know
they'll pay candy bar so they'll pay
Sean arrived in lepay Dave Allen Chris
all these guys like 20 million the
writers get a hundred buddy my Mike sure
created good place and Parks and Rec and
he's getting 25 mil a year for the next
five years
yes it's his heart his shows are picked
up and successful but they're not like
cheers right and I said to her I like
the guy from fuck I go how much were you
fucking guys making before what were
these what were these companies making
20 years ago like what was ABC making 20
years ago that they and they even
Seinfeld said that he he's like I was
the first one to get a hundred million
in episode and I go which is a pittance
compared to what they could have paid
and he's like I know that now
but back then a million dollars in uh
what are you even gonna deal with it and
now it's like what are they gonna do
with it what the fuck they were making
they were making a hundred million in
episode but because it's a logo and a
corporation go well that's what a
corporation's supposed to make 100
million dollars an episode meanwhile if
a guy makes a million you're like what
are you gonna it's like this
unfathomable thing it's like where they
get mad at basketball players and not
the owners of the teams yeah and it's
also that distribution model of like
putting something on a network it's
there's so much fat there's so many
people there's so many things that you
have to pay yes so much so many
different places the money goes it's
almost like you have to make a hundred
million dollars in episode for everybody
to make out yeah but also another don't
live but also they're still taking
ninety yeah you know main yeah even with
all the revenues with all like the the
all the miles I got a fade it's still
like a huge profit but as a writer don't
you think of like investing your time
and effort into a sitcom today it's like
good luck with that I don't dude I like
I just started to used to the podcast me
motion to this podcast call the champs
it was great and and now I just started
one like a month ago called how Neil
feel look for it and your local things
know how Neil feel that's the name of
the party got a theme song everything's
very good but it was I was like why am i
trying I did a pilot like a year ago for
a network and they gave me notes and I
was like oh I forgot about notes
I forgot that they were gonna give me
notes like uh like I don't just let me
that was the always something that me
and Dave got to with Comedy Central and
they finally left us alone after like
six episodes where I was like let us
show it to the audience yeah and let
them decide we don't want to bomb we
want to bomb less than you guys do trust
me trust me you've never met two people
who want to bomb less than me and him
and so they'd be like well we don't
really let's show to the crowd if they
like it then great and if they don't
then and we did we did this real world
sketch and they didn't they're like we
just think it's a bunch of unfunny
scenes back to back and we were like
let's just show to the crowd and then we
showed it
and they were like all right we don't
know we're talking about they literally
said we don't know we're talking about
so do whatever you want unfunny man what
a fucking yeah oh those feet but but
that's the I get that they feel like
they have to do something
yeah but we're what comedians are
willing to like all our skins in the
game it's all it's all of our it's our
hide every time so why do you feel the
need to like correct us or I don't mind
if it if like a executive is like the
first audience do you know domain are
like hey your shirts fucked at whatever
like like a minor stuff but it's like
materialized most of you are not good at
divining what's special about somebody
or what's an innovative segment or you
know I mean like they'd only think about
that they're just they're ambitious
people who are just like working the way
up a thing and they're like is it my
turn yet right I get fucking I get to
put my stamp on it now yeah yeah I want
to add something even if it's irrelevant
like me I had a joke when we were doing
half-baked and then going to a four to
eight day but uh we're doing half-baked
and I said to Dave ago we should do a
thing at the end where we should just
say hey let us do whatever we want and
at the end we'll pass a hat around and
you guys can take credit for something
because ultimately that's what you want
you want to be able to take credit for
something don't fucking make us do it I
know you just want credit that's all you
want you just want to feel good about
yourself you want to feel like I
contributed to this thing but let us
just let us do the thing United man yeah
and if you're like you would just been
howling been doing the podcast almost
ten years yeah maybe ten years in
December you're gonna do a big Network
show about okay taking over an AM radio
station for the day that's so funny
it'll be really fun funny the wonder if
they'd let me
but even like in when we used to do it
in your house yeah I mean like and it's
like that was a long time ago you were
on you were on an episode at least seven
years ago yeah yeah I did two in your
house
that was back at the kids be in the
background yellow each other and shit it
here in the hall yeah and they were a
little yeah crazy 114 Wow
episode 114 so that how many that's two
years a year and a half in
yeah probably what is episode now was
1297 till 98 that was 98 now this is
number one nine eight no it helps like
what is that podcast left are 100
episodes 1100 episodes ago yeah and it's
from look at me at a fauxhawk beautiful
80% knows that was before I realize I
should put beer down where a little
beard we're a little scruff podcasts are
a very very strange thing that's it's
just this no one saw this coming and
everyone can start one but I don't could
even think you saw it cut you know what
I mean like I don't feel I can see this
yeah like presidential candidates are on
my phone yeah show yeah tell see gabart
on yesterday's yeah wonderful president
I didn't watch but yeah I wanted to talk
about real issues that affect the world
yeah yeah and I'm sure do you feel I
mean you kind of can't change your ethos
you can't be like I'm a role model I
need to know that's not I'm just gonna
be me you know and the world is gonna be
weirder but it's just me but it's also
the thing of like when you're in these
like development TV movie worlds and
you're like just let me talk just fuckin
like I promise it'll be interesting like
it won't all be interesting but it'll be
interesting enough it'll be interesting
enough often enough you know that just
let me talk
well I couldn't imagine giving up that
reins to someone now like if all the
sudden we brought in some sort of a
producer or network that's like look
we're gonna take this podcast the next
level but you gotta listen to me Joe
yeah
Joe where's that episode you did with
Elon Musk you know one of the great
reasons that that show was very
successful the way you were dressed yeah
I know you don't like to hear this we
tested it yeah we had nothing to do with
him being weird and smoking weed and
having a fucking having a run for our
shirt you were a nice shirt is that I
mean is there even
like there's you could never decide you
could never test like whether a podcasts
gonna be successful you could know you
know it's all it's all word of mouth
it's just weird fucking they like it
they like like a conversation like this
with yennai we're actual real friends
yeah so when we talk it's very evident
we have chemistry yeah what's known as a
chemistry yes I could just yeah that's
right normal yeah yeah right like so
enjoy your time here and this earth well
that's the thing doing so doing this and
I told I remember telling somebody like
it's like doing the Tonight Show 78 in
terms of like I was in Singapore and a
guy came to the show who saw me on it
like every it's this you can't it's not
even worth knowing if you're you it's
like fucking don't worry about it you
just show up and talk but I can't pay
attention to that yeah by paralyzing
yeah but the so I'm like the funny thing
is when you do TV when you do something
that's gonna be seen or heard by this
many people like a TV show if I do to
Seth or The Daily Show like I prep this
I'm like fuckin we talk about like so
many times I'll run into you at the
store and we basically have like a
10-minute podcast in the hallway yeah
you know we just start Dino say have you
seen this yeah you pull me aside like
have you ever heard about ketamine yeah
what and they all said you're telling me
you're taking ketamine yeah session but
and that's the the thing if there's no
there you can't prep and it would be odd
you couldn't explain it to people ten
years ago like it'll just be people
talking now the the the comedians are by
nature pretty entertaining
at least he's talkative yeah at least
pretty talkative and at at and on the
high end entertaining and funny so had
the worst advice he's like you gotta
edit it doing it for an hour just do it
one hour and edit it yeah like all right
now analysts do you know when people
turn it off or anything nope I know that
the average time that someone watches on
YouTube
we know that which is like what 35
minutes or so 35 minutes on YouTube
which is a lot yeah so that's it because
the average is like 15 seconds but yes
yeah what's a normal average only 2 3 or
4 minutes yeah for everyone that watches
for 10 seconds there's someone that
watches for an hour and a half or 3 so
the average would be like 3 or 4 minutes
for a normal Channel yeah well you know
the difference between something on
YouTube in something that's a podcast
that you're listening to though I think
though the people that are listening or
I don't want to say this I'm not know
it's really true but they might be more
invested in like because they're
subscribing to it and they're listening
to in their car on the way to work
they're listening to a lot of times in
there at the gym people on YouTube can
flip they just decide to go to the next
so what's this and that and then they
get to you don't get taken down a rabbit
hole with podcast with audio podcast you
just listen yeah you listen the whole
thing you're one of your other yeah
whereas YouTube like you could stumble
upon this accidentally right now someone
might be stumbling upon this very video
right now on yeah welcome welcome
welcome friend same for you bitch the
other thing you forget is how much
people fucking drive yeah we're the like
I'm in my car for hours today you're
like what Wow and they're like and and
you are their friend yeah that's weird
do you know any man like you're there
whether you it's like you don't know
them but you they really like you and
they feel like they have a connection
with you yeah and all the other people
that like you and Theo and daliyah or
whoever's here you know people that yeah
come in yeah then then those people
become characters in there yeah little
world play as well yeah like you'll see
it in the comments of like this fucking
skinny fuck is like literally like the
reading no well the last time I did it
the comments were so bad and I didn't
even you or you texted me I was like boy
they must be very bad because you were
like we might we did something right or
something I was like well they must be
awful and then I didn't cause I know
what they're gonna say it's like what do
you think I'm done I'm not a dumb you
gotta say whatever you think of me I'm
not dumb
right so I believe you politically
I don't you know like I don't I don't
that's one of the reasons why I bring
people on that I don't agree with I
think it's important to have
conversations with people where they're
on the left or the right that you don't
agree with just to find out who they are
and what they think yeah and just to
have discussions also like testing your
own feelings about just like okay now
that's that's all right I still feel
having heard arguably their best
argument or a very cogent argument for
their side and you go yep
I think that I think the the thing that
is lost in our in one of the things
that's lost in the world now is because
of I partially because the internet or
blog or whatever where you have to be a
hundred percent in every belief and it's
like I'm not a hundred percent in any
belief no like I'm like I there are some
beliefs where I say I'm 50 then I'm 51%
and but that still wins 51% is still the
thing I tell you where if people can't
believe you either got to be a hundred
percent or zero or a cock or you're a
fucking stud like and there's no like
yeah what abortion is a perfect example
where we're both like I'm for it but but
it's pretty brutal
or it's pretty it's a severe thing or
whatever the but and you're not allowed
to have a butt anymore
can't you just can't go I have a
measured point of view and it's I took
the vote in my head and it's 70/30 yeah
or not you can change your mind some
learner that's bad that's my home one
said well not just one person many
people said you flip-flop on things like
no I I consider things yeah and it's not
it's also not when politicians do it
it's because they it's politically in
their gonna work in their favor yes you
do it because you've thought more about
it or you heard the right argument at
the right time okay
yeah I changed my opinions all the time
I don't I don't I'm not married to those
fucking things I don't need them my
opinions are just the ideas in my mind
or something that should be explored and
there's certain ideas that I just hold
steady fat don't rape
don't murder people don't steal all the
obvious ones yeah everybody holds those
yeah but then when it gets too unusual
weird slippery things I'm like okay well
what is why is there an inclination to
lean towards a certain direction like
what we virtue signaling or yeah you
know we are sending out the the flag of
tribal obedience yeah but what are we
doing when we're discussing these things
and a lot of that is what ruins
discourse and this is what I think I
have a real big problem with deep
platforming when you start deep
platforming people and censoring people
you don't just want to not hear them you
want no one to hear them and this is
where I have a problem it's cuz oh who
the fuck are you like why are you the
one who gets to say even if they're
wrong even if they're one let everybody
figure that it's misinformation that's
the thing it's like pizza Gator one of
the third like the right Alex like what
the fuck are you doing Pizza gate is a
good example right because people get
ramped up in it
they're like what and there was that guy
Ben Swan who was a journalist who had
all these he was he had this video that
he put out that showed like all the
different connections with conspiracy
theory or with pizza gate and various
conspiracies and pedophilia and it was
it was a real weird one it was like
what's just because these things are the
similar it doesn't mean there's a
pedophile ring going on they're like
what is that what exact exactly is
happening there but then you hear about
someone like Jimmy Savile and you go
wait a minute waiting room what this guy
was fucking kids for how long yeah and
no one like how are there any other ones
right now that they have it exposed yeah
you know what I mean like that kind of
that kind of shit does I don't yeah
having yeah I I think there's a big
there's a ton of distance between there
are pedophiles and there are pedophiles
in the pizza place in the basement yeah
like very I believe there's pedophiles
right and that they should be stopped
and they're mostly and I might bet it I
don't think none of them are powerful
and but I don't think that there is a I
just don't really buy into conspiracy
just generally I'm buying a some
because there's some of them that are
provable there's some of them that it
really did happen where you go Jesus
Christ they really did that there's oh
yeah I mean like they're like would like
been in like third world countries or
will fuck with elections like salmon but
shit like that like that is yeah like
that's not even a conspiracy that's just
like a poorly told part of history
that's all those things Howard's all
shit honkin is right oh yeah yeah yeah
but that's I think that's well I think
that's out you know domain oh yeah do
you know about the operation Northwoods
do you know about that one I don't know
that one's probably the most disturbing
one because that one was signed by the
Joint Chiefs of Staff they were going to
organize a bunch of attacks on America
and blame the Cubans so that we could go
to war with Cuba yeah we're gonna arm to
fall from yes and have them attack
Guantanamo Bay they were gonna blow up a
jetliner and blame it on Cuba they had
all these plans and it was signed by the
Joint Chiefs of Staff and then vetoed by
Kennedy was like what the fuck are you
like what were you guys doing you guys
so I went to fucking the Hyannis Port
and I come back he's trying to blow up
airplanes and the thing is it's this is
something that didn't fly but we found
out about it how many of these things we
didn't find out about that actually did
happen
yeah and that we think are legitimate
instances in the news or real attacks
yeah I just think it's a drop in the
bucket I should drop in the bucket I
think it's less than 1% comparison to
actually the actual reality person I
agree yeah and so when when people are
the reason I don't like conspiracy
theories I think it people use it to
explain their own failure a lot of the
time like we see it a lot in comedy like
well you can't make it unless you're a
oh good the enormity like all right I
don't work yet I hate that fucking that
perspective is so crazy it's like listen
if you're killing people are gonna see
you if you kill a lot people go to see
you a lot yeah it's that simple you
can't fake it is a meritocracy it really
is is it and it's like there are there
are certainly like some quota of stuff
in the margins mm-hmm but not no one's
making it no one's doing arenas because
of a quota you can't pull yeah
there's nothing you can do to get into
arena yeah people have to actually like
you and this this excuse making that
people do do as a straight white man I
can't get a break in this talent oh my
god when you're a straight white man and
you're complaining like you got one of
the most fuckin captivated hands of
cards in world history in the world
history in 2019 straight right now still
a great handle you might get beat with a
crazy you know Nanette yeah and then
that hang out at the hamstrings man
that'll get you on the river she what I
know she got number one fuck it man
what's anti car all right
my gunden in that thing and I haven't
even seen it it's like do people like it
yeah good I saw it live do you like it
yeah I liked it a lot nice like stain I
thought New York I saw before was on
Netflix like I saw it and met her and
was like thought obviously nice it was
an awkward conversation I'll say that
well she is a little spectra me right
isn't that sad I think that's a fairly
open about error estimation yeah like it
was it was it wasn't like easy do you
find that you when you speak to certain
women in particular you feel like almost
like you're guilty or something like you
did like you're a male like you're an
oppressor do you ever you're not too
many women and it could just be a
projection it could be my own it could
be if I'm like Otto projecting where I'm
like I definitely do that I there aren't
too many but I think you have to work
against stereotypes you're working
against tattoos build bald yeah right
wing podcast
well cage fighting commentator yes so
like you have a lot I'm pretty you know
a feat the way I look is a problem yes
like and I one of the others you're not
sexist right or a dickhead yeah yeah not
that good yeah like what are the odds
like so you try I mean I don't I don't
feel it too much but I can imagine how
much what percentage of women do you
feel like you have to
do that with the ones who don't know me
once they know me like I'm pretty pretty
nice like go to a venue you go to the
venue that you've never been to mmm
there's a woman the backstage one of the
works for Live Nation or she works the
venue like does she assume that you're
not they work for our nation okay I'm
nice to all those folks yeah but I think
that if someone has like a very staunch
feminist perspective and they meet
someone like me they might depending
upon their perspective they might think
that I'm the enemy that that's that's a
possibility that like right away they
look at me like the enemy yeah well
that's the thing of like what are you
absolutely no even and you you can tell
sometimes when you're arguing with with
people that are super dogmatic about
whatever they believe in but they can
you can watch them go into a line of
logic that they note that they then
realize I can't because that will like
cede some ground to this person they go
oh uh and it's like yeah I saw you start
to go down that like a just a reason and
I'm not saying stop believing what you
believe in it's just like it's you don't
have to be a hundred percent exactly
just it's fine you can still but you're
still win the popular vote things just
majority rules it doesn't have to be
overwhelming just just don't it's
dishonest in a way because they don't
want to believe they don't want to have
they don't want have a check in their
Armour in terms of logically yeah to
want to lump people into categories
because it's easy to define them too you
know we were goofin yesterday me and Joe
list were goofing around about Alyssa
Milano sex strike yeah and I was like
with one of the things it's offensive
about that is first of all that that
women would agree with you that they
would just withhold sex from the person
that because Alyssa Milano Alyssa Milano
said you should withhold sex because in
fucking Georgia their limited abortion
laws but the second thing is like that
you would assume that all men are
responsible for this not even just the
voters in Georgia but all men somehow I
got a man in many
apples should be denied sex from his
progressive girl or that he's gonna call
like his friend in Alabama like man did
you work something because I'm not
getting no pussy up here bro
this fucking sex strike is for real bro
this is hitting us so it's so delusional
and such a dumb flag of virtue that
they're throwing up and it's such it's
such stupid 2019 woke politics that that
was by the way it's like based on lots
of strata like a old Greek play wasn't
really yeah no shit yeah sex strike yeah
that's the yeah and that's what that
movie chiraq was about it was it was a
sex strike no yeah work it's I don't
think it's ever I don't know well you
google and see if it's ever been done
imagine the girls just users excuse to
not fuck a guy they won't don't want to
fuck it's also like I'm honest most of
them aren't fucking anyway it's like
yeah like what are you gonna like rock
had that joke about like what are you
gonna you can't stop your already not
fucking pay to die when you hear when
hear women talk about not wanting to
fuck their husbands and so I could such
a depressing like I was listening to
this gal she was like wow you know most
wives don't want to have sex with their
husbands like what Oh as a husband it
bums you out or as as a human being
humans that they're in a situation yeah
well the thing that people like the most
about relationships but besides the fact
that you love someone you care someone
is having sex with somebody who wants to
have sex with you yeah it's great fun
yeah it's a fun it's very rewarding it
feels real nice core especially take a
little hit yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it
feels great
so when you hear that someone doesn't
want that and then you know their
attitudes that most women don't want
that most women don't have sex with her
husband they just do it cuz they have to
well that's also it's very hard to get a
clear story about women and sexuality in
that like it's I don't I think its
varies from wildly oh for sure like
hasn't in girls you've dated yeah even
the other day I put a thing on on
Instagram where I said how if you start
following a guy how long do you think he
should wait to DM you
because as a guy i'll have girls follow
me and because i like just do jokes on
there i'm like this is girl wanna i
don't want to be like so you came for
the comedy also dick yeah that's a
lighter thing i don't want a father i
want to bum her out if she just came to
thinks I'm funny but like yes but what
about fucking me can i interview in that
what about my penis yes so and of course
the answers were all over the place
yeah like 4 days 5 days 10 minutes and
then I said but if he's cute it doesn't
matter and they wrote nope yeah but if
it's Aquaman just let them yeah I am
slide I like that you're referencing
Aquaman it's like the paradigm of
hotness not because he really is he's as
good as it gets
yep he's but this is what my wife said
she goes he's everybody's type
yeah he's including fish yeah he's a big
giant handsome beautiful man who seems
to be extraordinarily kind yeah he's got
hands like oh man he dates an older what
woman that's older than him like he's
got he exercises what does it say
furthermore sex strikes have been open
this and didn't read it as pointed by
Chicago ists in Kenya the Philippines
Liberia thanks Nobel Prize winner Lima
what house but say that GB OWA mug will
be whoa whoa kablooey
and in Colombia where women held a
10-day sex strike in 2006 to end gang
fighting Wow and it's a great it is a
great idea it truly is like if you want
to affect change just get every other
saying to somebody last night like we
all know like every somebody was asking
me about cheating on and I was like I'm
not a cheater but I was like every guy
does what they do most human achievement
is because they men wanted to get like
yeah like buildings electricity if you
think that schedule problem in unions
just trust me if you got a fucking sex
them's yam how's it gonna collide work
what am I gonna use I haven't a lever
this is my main leverage like but but
yeah like it see it's a great bargaining
tool oh yeah I mean it's the 8th is the
bargaining I mean that's in some ways
that's most the negotiation of a
relationship is like we're girls kill
like women don't control it's like they
may not control it explicitly but I know
if I do something that's gonna get you
in a bad mood you're not gonna fuck me
and legalize prostitution is one of the
one of the best ways to combat any kind
of sex strike and that is one reason why
women fucking hate the idea of legalized
prostitution they don't ever want that
to not be negotiable they don't ever
want you to be able to go oh oh I'm an
asshole yeah I'm going for a drive I and
you go right down to the store yeah will
you go to the sex store yeah you pay for
a ten and she's built like Jessica
Rabbit and you got anger and you have a
time of your life and you go home and
your girlfriend's got a little bit of a
gut asshole saggy and you're like I just
no I'm not
you can't tell me what to do anymore I
spent 80 bucks just it wasn't that much
yeah if sex was legal but financially if
it was transactions it is legal in a lot
of countries they're not a lot of
countries but a few cut a few yeah
enough but if it was legal in this
country how much do you think it would
shift perceptions and would the way what
people I think it would I don't know
because I was just in Singapore and
apparently it's legal there by the way I
went to like there's a I was in
Singapore did some shows excellent and
and there was a place called its Orchard
Road and it's a mall during the day and
at night it becomes a mall for
prostitutes they have a prostitute mall
yes it's like Road and the awful saying
for it is four floors of whores which is
I did I don't know it just bugs I was
like you wore it just feels like dice
it's like hooker
I don't know I like hooker is a term of
endearment
Oh hugger no not like that morning mo
shut your mouth hooker like yeah
girlfriend who's just joking around but
oh shut your mouth hooker and then yeah
oh laughs yeah so but it I would so the
the the local guys were going there and
I was like well yeah I'm gonna go also
because I want to see this place because
I've read about there was a restaurant
there that they ate and which is a whole
other issue but it's literally like a
mall like a shitty mall like not like
you know Glendale Galleria where it's
like like all along it's just one of
those like square ones where it's like
four floors there's escalator in the
middle of them there's just basically
like and there's just wimp prostitutes
hookers as you call them out in the
walkway Jamie's got a visual for us I
was trying to find something but I found
out a trip advisor review yeah Wow don't
go here at nighttime unless you want to
be shocked a little the holes place
turns into a countless into countless
brothel bars I feel like I needed to
scrub myself after our visit I I don't
dis like I was there about three minutes
and I was like alright because the thing
is there's a difference between legally
a legalized prostitution and anyone
wanting to be a prostitute and they
don't want to be I mean they are right I
don't think they're being forced or
coerced but life is coercing them what
are you doing what did you think about
the Robert Kraft situation here's what
bothered me about that two things
bothered me about that one they they
accused him of being a part of sex
trafficking right but turns out that
wasn't true but they weren't there were
just regular girls who wanted jerk eyes
off for money right it wasn't there's no
one wanted I think it's a big word
willing did it voluntarily whatever and
they were threatening to release the
film footage yeah of him like what are
you doing you're trying to shame him
into submission and the fact that this
guy even though he's a billionaire you
can't stop that from happening
I kept Chris well the funny thing is the
fact that he's a billionaire and still
has to go to the must to the fucking
drive-through
it's like I boy I wish there was a
better system this should be a better
system yeah I mean I think it's gonna be
robots I think sex robots are gonna be
like blur the morality line I was at a
this is a similar thing about like
there's no release of relief anywhere I
was at a party recently and DiCaprio was
there and there were and there were a
bunch it was just like a huge crazy
party like crazy Hollywood probably like
the kind I never go to maliciously just
everyone's there and DiCaprio's girl
wanted to leave and he goes well the
girls are tired so I gotta leave the
greatest party ever like he had to leave
like even did Leonardo DiCaprio the King
of Kings hmm the girls are tired god I
gotta go they been at the party for uh
right on the hour and a half or
something but there was like a dinner
before but it was it was just a funny
thing like okay so there's no it doesn't
matter who I am yeah you still you're at
the win they're done yeah when they're
when they're done you gotta go sometimes
but having said that we still all do it
for some invisible and uh shangri-la
that she would have stayed at the party
for Aquaman you know what I mean yeah
option was human like it's fine let's
stay yeah my feet my shoes yeah the the
but yeah there's still he's still coming
it for some primal like all the
achievements and all that shit it's
still some yeah well you want to be
respected and loved and liked and you
want people to desire you yes that's
part of it right even if you're not
gonna take him up on it
right like I told an anecdote on on
Helena field this week about the best
compliment I ever got I was doing a show
in Vegas with two buddies of mine who
shall remain nameless we get on the
elevator at the end woman gets on it
goes can I just say I'm married but I
would fuck all you guys whoa and we and
it was great
but it's like oh you get we feel
accomplished we did a great job at the
show you're attracted us having to be
married and that's so nothing's ever
gonna happen but thank you for
expressing your attraction to us
I wonder if she was saying even though
I'm married now she was saying it like
just so you know if I weren't marry if I
wasn't married yeah and not and she
didn't mean at the same time either she
was she was but even some ridiculous
that's a very nice thing to say like
that's kind of what you want from
everyone for a guy yeah
like hey I would fuck you girls don't
want to hear that like yeah thanks yeah
they no kidding of that yeah hey how do
you like doing a podcast with Bianca I
love don't abuse less she's funny she's
smart smart and she's a pain in the ass
in terms of like she is very like no
like she has her own logic she has her
own belief system and we just argue it
out she's more in like and she's also
like ten different rat races yeah she's
like so she's pulling from a like her
father's middle-eastern and she grew up
in Oakland like she's got a lot of
different like got Panamanian and she's
got Panamanian she speaks German I think
like for real like she's she's just like
from all over and she's a fun she's fun
and funny and she's funny too she's fun
to be funny around is she on how Neil
feel yeah she's on honey I feel it's not
that's the name of it so how often you
guys do it once a week that's cool yeah
do it in literally in my bedroom oh nice
yeah beautiful because it's it's not
that's the only space we have that's
cool but it's like you know it works how
many of you done so far four oh cool but
I nice the beginning of a podcast yes
nice you can see would it become like
below expectations yeah we're still
starting up yeah I like it
you're the stiv you done any other store
no I literally haven't done any I don't
think maybe I did one in the basement
once it's a nice little spot man that it
is yeah it's cool
it is kind of a cocoon yeah
it is it's it's the way they have it set
up down there it's pretty badass and the
fact that like wow we're doing a podcast
at the Comedy Store feels it feels kind
of historical because that is the thing
that brought that place back yeah
podcast brought that place back from the
brink and made it the thriving center of
comedy I I think you can all agree that
is the center of comedy in the known you
hundred percent 100 percent yeah in that
podcast even like Robby from Netflix is
like podcasts are like the indicator of
streams like you know it's it's pretty
direct yeah the correlation and I don't
know what Tom would be more popular from
Netflix or the podcast they're both
pretty fucked yeah like it seems my
won-won a late term so he's murdering it
right now yeah his podcast has rabid
fans like whenever they do these Garth
Brooks things yeah oh my god Garth
Brooks is haunted he doesn't know what
to do he's so trapped by your mom's
house fans yeah they just won't stop
with the memes and the deep fakes with
James face over Garth Brooks body by
diem the deep fake guy yeah and because
I was like is it hard cuz it's
terrifying someone said he did it
Jamie used the software to make one with
me with Trump's head was this easy yes
someone I was talking to somebody about
it and they said it bums me out in the
way death used to bum me out when I was
a little kid I know what he means it was
like unfathomable like oh this is not
good jong-min check this out look at
this are you talking about which
vice-president
I'm sorry former Vice President Biden
actually that looks like me if I was fat
and I had a crazy haircut to look that's
me everyone's competition I knew
everybody there sometimes that's so good
how long did it take for real it's about
that I was teaching myself how to do it
really I like this version took I let it
run overnight because there's a little
bit of what the machine learning kind of
thing
doing the longer you let that run the
better it is it's right I've been
learning so this was just my test of
like eight hours maybe could have
multiples going at once or once or in a
hopper the crazy thing is porn they're
doing that with gals they're taking like
you know lovely give you use word gals
twice we're fucking I love it this is a
good time to bring this up because I
just saw something today literally and
it has to do with this and I don't know
if this is real but this sounds it
sounds scary and this is where someone's
taken this technology into a weird place
ladylike is a Facebook post it's why I
don't believe it but she said she was
with her son and while she was out of
her house her husband was called saying
that her son was kidnapped and that he
heard his son's voice saying mommy help
me help me help me
and that give him money and it the dad
was freaking out didn't know what to do
did couldn't get ahold of him and for
finally did after six minutes and she
said they couldn't even convince the dad
that that wasn't real like after hearing
no I'm fine we're fine I'm with them but
I don't know if this is even real how
they could do that at this with the
capability now I'm not sure but they
might be able to
oh for sure they can do it but yeah boy
I mean if they can do it with faces they
can do with audio they did it with Tupac
at the Coachella like five years ago
that was the way he said Coachella is
exactly how he would have said it and
they have that that hologram that looks
just like him but look a little more
jacked just a little yeah like you went
to CrossFit yeah yeah that's I can I
totally believe they can do the voice
yes seven years ago for that one yeah
they're so close now even if you go back
and watch Game of Thrones like season
one and what the wolf's look like they
look like shit
really yeah they were their shitty CGI
wolves a little clunky but now they look
amazing now it looks like a real fucking
wolf what is this that's too Park look
look how Jack Diaz do you have any idea
situps you have to do to have stomach
like that you got to be on that Wiz
Khalifa it's all cells routine it's also
you got to not eat any starch right I
mean you sugar the mini cotton you can't
be fucking around with carbs carbs it
would keep you from being really
shredded I mean not all carbs but I mean
either doing some a lot of fasting you
got to do something to get your body fat
down that low because it doesn't matter
how many sit-ups you do right it's not
gonna blow sit-ups make your ab muscles
bigger yeah and make them more defined I
can see one of mine yeah you gotta lose
weight the only ways to guys want to see
that it's so easy to get fat too I'm so
amazed at how easy I can get fat on a
vacation like one week I gained ten
pounds if I go on a vacation and I just
go drink and eat pasta ten pounds in a
week well that's like you're running
such a small margin yeah in just in
everyday life where it's like yeah if
you if you just eat it's not a mean it's
fairly massive but it's not like what do
you think it is 800 calories a day
no that's right man the extra I don't
know what man I go hard when I when I
eat on vacation drink drinking and
eating like just the drinking when I'm
on vacation I might drink four or five
drinks a day maybe more every day
do you drink during the day you're on
vacation without you sometimes no no no
not without my kids but when my kids are
there I'm hammered yeah you got a day
yeah no but if I'm on vacation and I'm
out I might have a drink at the pool or
at the beach or wherever I am and then
at night if I go to dinner I might have
two or three so find out four or five
drinks every fucking day that's not a
normal day for me such it's just piling
up yeah and what are you drinking
whatever whatever you got yeah if I'm on
vacation you know I'm trying to get
fucked up I'm trying to have a good time
doing like it's my job and are you does
your wife get drunk she'll get hammered
with you that's correct not as much as
me though I get more drunk than her
that's fun yeah well yeah well you know
nowhere to go and you can just walk to
wherever you're supposed to be yeah yeah
but uh ten pounds later I'm like you fat
fuck I don't grab on my sides when I can
yeah like a fistful of meat right where
my love handles on like Jesus Christ
well cuz it's so like you fucked up and
you just like have a thing that you have
a handful of regret yeah it was like
week to get everything back in line by
the way that not that long I mean that's
not a very long time compared to
compared to most people like at your age
fuck
people people's metabolism take some
people get fat a little bit and then
they're done yeah but I still do the
same shit that I did when I was 21 like
in terms of like the amount of working
out and I do yeah I still I'm still
running the hills and doing serious
kettlebell workouts and martial or every
death though at least five days a week
the muscle shit every day are you doing
sometimes I'll do something every day
I'll do multiple workouts in the day
because I have a gym at home so I'll get
up in the morning and lift and then I'll
do yoga and then I'll do something later
I just you have to keep going when
you're 50 years old like your body
requires like you can't have too much
slack in there cuz when you slack if you
get out of shape fuck man it's hard to
get back in jail it's hard like your
body just trying to die yes not trying
to put muscle on and up your vo2 max
it's not interested in that it's
interesting yeah dying and get tricked
that and continuously working out is he
kind of like yeah I've been cranking a
sauna up to 200 degrees because Gabriela
Reese told me that Laird Hamilton puts
his shit on 220 220 that's what she said
right 220 which is you cook meat at 220
degrees that's like that's fucking hot
and I was like there must be some sort
of benefit in that so I'm like I'm gonna
ramp my shit up from 180 to 200 and it
made a big difference what and what's
the difference first of all it's way
harder to do the difference sheen 1:16
one like I was at a sauna this past
weekend at a gym like a hotel gym
there's a nice sauna but it was not hot
enough it was like 160 ish and as that's
not hot you're sweating and it's it's
helping you're getting heat shock
proteins it's good for your body reduces
inflammation but not nearly as radically
as when you hit 200 200 is fucking hard
to do like you're the first of all the
wood in the sauna that you're sitting on
is hot as fuck you need your sweat to
cool off the wood because the wood is
like a plank like a cedar piano you're
cooking a fillet of salmon on that's
what the wood gets like it's hot how
long can you stay in it 20 minutes and
those last five minutes are
ruff and how do you deal with the hey
and whatever the like you can't you
don't want to move right yeah what were
you just like still the last five
minutes get up and I start walking
around actually I feel like I have more
of a hard time sitting still in the last
five minutes so like yeah I would think
you have to yeah I distract myself by
stretching and are you wearing
flip-flops or that they would smell from
now well you know what works though
surprisingly air pods those fuck really
don't die out and 200 your phone would
be dead as fuck yeah but ear pods keep
going so if I put my phone just outside
the door yeah I put air pods on I could
listen to music alright do you think
they were hot to the touch
yeah they're hot I feel them but they're
not breaking down they don't they hang
in there at 200 degrees good for you
everybody know they're good and and you
feel it markedly different yeah you feel
good when you get out of there man like
all your little aches and pains feel
like they get a big bump like a big
reduction and aches and pains and that's
and most your aches and pains their age
and working out yeah yeah just
inflammation and Jeff hey what age would
you be pissed at be pissed if you died
at 60 would you be pissed do you know
that nah I mean my piss can fuck you I
fucking did all the right shit yeah I
don't know man you know I just heard
John Singleton he done yeah 51 yeah you
know Luke Perry died at 51 or 52 a
stroke both those guys yeah fucking
that's me that's the sage strong of
Stevenson even I mean he was not in good
shape but like he wasn't old
no no he's Berlitz and yeah that one's
like how old was Keith when he had a
stroke
fifty fuck yeah like at what point would
you be like feel ripped off probably
right now so sixty you would be like the
shit out of this body though it's
amazing this thing works as good as it
does you know if I think about my body's
like a car that happened do you still
feel like you're beating the shit out of
it or do you feel like the jujitsu stuff
was beating the shit out of it well I
still do that though but I died
running in the Hills yesterday hard
fucking workout yesterday how far two
miles but it's straight up or steep yeah
it's like one one stretch is more than
a-- it's two hundred yards straight up
and it's fucking hard it's a hard sprint
like the dog runs ahead and i'm trying
to keep up with them it's yeah but you
get to the top of these really steep
hills maybe your legs are on fire your
lungs are killing you but man it makes a
difference but it's also are you beating
the shit out of your body or are you
just doing it i'm strength right i'm
doing it right but i am i am putting a
lot of pressure on the joints
i'm putting a lot of pressure on the
muscles and it's not simple some like
doing yoga everyday I'm doing just
pretty heavy-duty stuff but I feel like
if you do it smart and you warm up a lot
any stretch and I've been pretty
diligent about recovery sauna in the big
way but also begin trigger point muscles
release therapy like which is like
really hardcore brutal massage that you
literally want to cry like like this
kind of like elbows yeah I teach fucking
puts her up on the back of my neck and
yeah but it makes a big difference man
all that stuff cryotherapy all that
stuff everything's got a little place it
helps but the moment the main thing is
consistency like you can't you can't
take months off you can't you can't take
weeks off you can't just eat lecture
you'll slip away your body wants to do
what it's been doing yep like your
spirit whatever like whether it's like
you know whatever the laws the body in
motion stays in motion but it just does
its gonna like sugar same thing eat
sugar and you're like we got to get more
sugar don't eat it and four days later
you like that good feel like variety is
really critical to like I'll make sure
that I get at least one or two days of
yoga and at least one or two days of
running at least one or two days of
lifting at least one or two days of
martial arts I do a bunch of different
shit mix it all up together because if I
don't mix it all up together then
there's like too just too much
repetitive stress possibility like
you're just running every day I'm not I
don't think that's wise and you you
why don't you do interval training with
running
I do sometimes okay yeah I do I do a
bunch of different shit I mean I
sometimes I just do hill sprints and
then I slowly go down the hill I wait to
my heart rate gets below 140 and then I
sprint back up the hill again you know I
I mix it up but the the the key is
consistency no matter what you're doing
whether it's yoga or running you got to
do something almost every day yeah I
don't do some every day but I'd try to
do like I got a treadmill and I'm now I
have a Bowflex I'm proud to say I'm a
proud owner of a boffo you're the last
guy to buy one I know about to go out of
business but think we're just gonna
fuckin order from 1988 bro yeah my my
ex-girlfriends roommate had a Bowflex I
remember using this going why in the
fuck nigga actually like it's like it's
takes up a lot of space I didn't even
put yeah bro come on they don't that
only that's when it yeah it does have
like wing it is a winged bird does it
work yeah I yes got a good workout I got
him getting my gains bro I still have
like dumbbells and you know punishing
bands I tell people if you really want
to workout at home all you need is a
chin up are everything else you do on
the ground you can do bodyweight
exercises you can do plenty I got to say
I don't even think you need to chin
apart I mean again you know ten times
more than I know but I'm saying like
what are you getting from a chin-up bar
that you can't get from a push-up or a
dipper roll-ups beginning but I'm saying
it's all that's right you're getting
your back you're getting your back
you're not getting it back much you're
getting a little bit if you do Hindu
push-ups we got down and elevate and
then come back up you're getting a
little bit your back but you're really
getting your back if you're hanging on
to a channel bar and you're using your
whole body weight yeah that's what you
want that is that is an amazing I don't
work my back out very much am i fucking
myself yeah for sure
you have the strength in that bitch to
keep the stability in your spinal column
you want meat you want that to be
armored you know that's very big I have
several machines out there that are just
designed to keep my back strong and you
just think it's good it's best practice
yeah I do that almost as much as any
other kind of exercise I do a reverse
hyper I do a whole series the reverse
hyper machine and the
the glutes the glute machine where you
you you know that cannot believe how
hard glutes are like it's the hardest
that's the one after it I'm like I'm
gonna fucking throw up
it's the fucking wars are and you have
to even like I was talking to a trainer
and she was like well you need to like
activate your glutes and then part of me
is like I don't even know what you're
talking about and then the more research
it's like our glutes are dead as like
normal people we don't use our glutes
and they are literally atrophied that's
why women get so disgusted by a guy's
flat ass
they're like this motherfucker doesn't
even activate his great nobody's gonna
run ton of shit yeah you know what ton
of shit just and she's like you would
take it would take you a couple months
to even just get them activate and I was
like I don't know what you're talking I
just thought it was some trainer shit
and it's you have to like turn them on
yeah like you have to like do bed like I
do a ton of shit I don't even know if
I'm doing it right then I get it up yeah
they gotta you know you gotta get a
train I should get a turn come on man
yeah yeah catch yourself a train in the
Oh Brenda yeah thank you
unless it's good because you have to
make is this your Bowflex
no that's the mirrors look if you think
I didn't almost buy this you're out of
your mind
let's go not magnets this time you're
waiting wait something or other I've
been seeing this online recess to courts
how much resistance that's what I want
the resistance is all internally done
just by magnet pressure that you what's
the maximum amount also cuz I don't know
if you know this but I'm jacked no yeah
I heard
how much 148 pounds just in the middle I
think you're probably 200 some plus
pounds eleven I think you look I think
140 it'll take care of most people yeah
and if you just doing cables so 148 on
each side is that what it is I don't
know literally I just it's new and I was
just curious if you had seen anything
that looks badass so the mirror is
showing you your forms your forms versus
video I guess porn versus like are you
doing it
and they tell you what yeah
and it goes up and down and it fits on
the wall is that a gimmick is there any
reviews that it's wait it's Brit it's
like brand new I don't even know the
reviews are all pretty strong this is
did like as you're saying it all comes
down to are you gonna do it yeah if you
do it every day it's fucking great right
you just most people won't do it every
day yep they just because it's got to
write it down just like every day I
brush my teeth
yeah so do that too but take longer
I meditate twice a day it's fucking why
is it dead yeah really 20:28 Wow damn
interesting yeah so how does that work
what do you do
sit down set the timer for 20 and close
my eyes and repeat the mantra was your
mantra I can't tell you and it I think
it works I think I need less sleep
as a result really since I've started I
started like a year and a half ago and
I've needed significantly less sleep
from before and I don't know again
because it's impossible to know what you
know right what's doing what but what
other benefits in terms of like clarity
and stuff I don't again I don't know I
think they're good but I it I can't say
like well I was writing 4.3 jokes a
month before and now I read 4.8 like I
don't there's no direct correlation I am
happy with my output but like mmm isn't
that funny that like to an average
person they'd be like we wait for point
you're joking right
no no if I get four great jokes a month
that's an amazing month
yeah well it's like that I was gonna
bring it up when you were talking about
deer hunting yeah right yeah if you it
you see the special thought of it all
won't at once yeah I'm the special you
had a great line about writing and that
like like
writing in a notebook or on your phone
that it's like a net to catch ideas yeah
that really it's like thought about that
like that is a great way to put it yeah
like here put throw this in the put it
on the thing and like and then you can
look but you ever have an idea write it
down and then three days later looking
like that's fucking funny yeah yeah
funny well that's why you got to throw a
lot of shit against the wall I have
pages and pages stuff that I review like
late night rambles that I label them
late night rambles because I write a lot
of times at night after the store so by
yourself
yeah yeah everyone's asleep I'm high
just sitting from the computer and is it
like you have a germ from the day I have
sometimes some but I have one hour they
have to write so I'm one hour in front
of that computer I give myself that one
hour and then after that I can watch
youtube videos or whatever you like but
I have to get that one hour in and man
there's been many times where I'm
sitting there staring at that fucking
computer for 20 minutes then and then I
got an idea like oh my god there's
something and then the next day I do
that on stage boom it gets a laugh like
fuck yeah that reward for the
tediousness this is just getting through
the the sitting in front staring at the
blank screen staring at some fucking
weird notes you're not even sure if they
mean anything trying to find some old
shit where there's just a spark of me
out an ember yeah blow on a turn to a
fire or like I had a joke that I tried
that I was trying and I was like I know
it's good I just have to come up with
the right thing yeah and then I tried a
couple then huh first couple times you
fuck it up you don't say it right it's
so it is the TD and the mild
embarrassment of just like trying and
failing but uh but having an idea
writing it down doing it on stage is the
to me the most rewarding thing I can
think of it's one of the most rewarding
things in all of life yeah I mean
honestly and I don't say that light I
dust mean like living a life that is the
thing and it's not that's the one that's
not really about women or not about
that's more like spiritual yeah it's
like about like our nation yeah and like
you it goes through the your filter yeah
and you're like no one ever thought of
that right know what fucking ever
thought of that
right right rock that's fucking crazy
the best one so like how did I calculate
out what rank you
Thank You earth how often do you write
on stage how my oven II ad-lib onstage
very rarely I see I come with my sheets
yep and like but I have a new joke show
every Tuesday in Santa Monica and then
so I'll go up and do as much new shoes I
have and mix it in with my mean you know
that when you have a punk then you'll
put like I can do it I can put that part
in there so you kind of have to do some
old jokes that like fit in the new part
yeah and but my I'm like I'm like if I
write four jokes one of them will work
yeah like and I just like nip yeah all
right four jokes one of them I'll have
something and then sometimes the other
ones you like now if you're alive or not
I gotta stare at you for a little bit
try to figure out a way to bring you to
life yeah this might be something there
I may be missing it on the first pass
set it aside you ever have a premise and
years later you'll figure it out years
later I'd like aid yeah yeah and you're
like oh fuck you just know how to do it
now
yeah maybe you have a bit that you did
that taught you about something else or
some other aspect of writing yeah yeah
and you couldn't explain it to any you
couldn't explain it someone who doesn't
do it no like you can't it's kind of not
well I mean maybe athletes a little bit
where it's like they figured the game
out in a different way but it's so
private and it's so like and that's the
thing I was talking to somebody about
this like how many funny people are
there in the world there's a lot of
funny people but how many of them are
funny
stand-up funny yeah if they could just
go onstage and make a room full of
people laugh that's a hard
that's a hard couple hundred if you're
being generous if you're gonna be really
giant like how many real legit
professional comedians at you and I
respect yeah maybe 200 yeah man there's
seven billion people in the world
and like that the rare and I as much as
comedy is like deified and ways that are
sort of goofy now it's still like no
this is all we do everything it's
fucking interesting it's like we're and
especially now the way the culture is
like were the only people speaking
freely in public or at least in an
organized way in this this format as
well podcast and stand-up those are the
only two things yeah I mean everything
else right now is compromised it seems
like yeah and then everybody else feels
at work you can't really talk freely yep
at home in relationships there's like
and it's not like we're just talking
extemporaneously like I don't even know
where I'm going but fuck fucking know
what's gonna happen at the end of this
sense but but that and that's the thing
that's so riveting about it is like is
there no one else is doing and there's
only a few hundred people that can do it
well yeah that's crazy
and it's also riveting to like the
creation of like these these little
things that you come up with if you keep
going eventually there'll be a special
eventually it'll be something that
actually can record yeah and there's
like these this thought like I'm on to
something I've got this is I'm piecing
this little puzzle together and not even
knowing someone said like so what do you
how do you come up with it's like I
don't even know what I mean when I start
and then I write the jokes I'm like oh I
see what I was doing or going through do
you sometimes rewrite a bit like write a
bit and then rewrite it from a different
angle I mean there's obviously like
threads of like like you just do the
inverse sighs I'd take a bit when it's
already done and I say okay let me put
that aside I know it's done I know it
works let me approach the subject from a
completely different angle now yeah let
me approach the subject as a hater well
couldn't you do you end up probably
doing both of them right like a lot of
your feminism shit the thing you were
closing with felt like you'd written
half and then we're like well yeah yeah
yeah and now my own rebuttal well I
wanted to rebut myself yeah and I also
wanted to shit on myself so hard that by
the time I got to
on the feminists like it worked yeah
that's another thing where it's like if
you couch you can say anything yeah as
long as she's preface it with like I'm
not a monster just know that I'm not a
month of course but some of these
bitches are or some of these whoever's
are like I'm not a total piece of shit
but let's talk about that yeah that's
the the I'm thankful that I just thought
of a another like frame for a for a like
I did to Mike Stan
no I don't know but for Netflix so I
thought of that frame as like three
microphones on say and I just thought of
a nother so it's not like a structural
thing but it's a way to do a show and my
first thought was fucking thank God
meaning you don't want to be like you
don't want to do a a premise II show
every time because I did three mics then
I did a half-hour on Netflix New Year's
Day the communities of the world thing
that Dillion Swartz into two and uh and
now I'm like I would like to do a kind
of not one-man show we think it's not a
maudlin version but like a way to do
jokes that are more it's like jokes but
also if you could thread something else
in it it's like you see that there was a
girl tonight live I think it was Halsey
who sang a song and fuckin painted at
the same time she painted a painting and
I was like wow wow
see if you can bring it up because the
song I can't play it now it was the
second song it's our life yeah if we
play it will definitely get the boot
YouTube is brutal with their copyright
shit brutal I mean bad well it's it's
just very it's good and bad yeah but
it's very easy for someone to claim
copyright off of just to play a clip and
next thing you know your video gets
taken down you can't stream so a part of
me is like yeah that's it right here so
she's singing she's singing and cheese
and just by the way great looking yeah
okay she's got a lot going on and she's
barefoot no I mean is it amazing no but
it's fucking amazing for singing some it
yeah it's better than I can do not
singing
but she's uh quite a character I don't
and that felt loaded that's yet so like
I thought of another premise so I'm
excited about that that's awesome do you
think gonna film if you like I got a I
have I kind of written it out but like
I'm gonna probably do it like in New
York like I did three mics where I did
it like sort of off-broadway okay so
when you do something like that will you
do like a long run and then film at the
end of the run yeah I basically did
three mics at it for like two months
four nights a week so I did it all in
New York yeah and then what did you do
some theater like on the Lower East Side
where Birbiglia does his and then and it
was cool it's cool it just like have to
do an hour every night it's a cool like
oh I'm going to do an hour and I'm in a
town I'm in the same town that is cool
and I'm doing an hour every night and
you're doing essentially like a play on
yeah like it was an emotional there was
a there was a like an emotional fucking
I talk about emotional shit this will be
less emotional it'll be less wrenching
and emotionally people saw three mics
like it's fucking pretty gut-wrenching
but uh but this will be less
gut-wrenching but you have a premise
that's exciting to you yeah which is
fucking you know that's like fucking
excellent and it's also the only thing
that like it's like will you know make
money I don't know I don't care it
doesn't matter it's like not even
consideration yeah it seems like that's
you're wasting your time thinking about
that because all that really matters is
do you enjoy doing it this is the
audience enjoy all that other stuff
comes out of that right yes if you enjoy
it they're probably gonna enjoy it too
yeah and and even the thing where people
go like so what are you doing and you're
like you can say you doing the podcast
or you have UFC stuff like I like oh you
have to have something that you're
working on I feel like like I'm doing an
hour comedy special for a huge stream
streaming service that's gonna broadcast
fucking everyone what are you do that's
it yeah you know that's how they end
you're like this is a what I'm doing is
fucking it doesn't it's not time
consuming visibly day-to-day but like
it's consuming emotional like thinking
of
what's your take on what's going on with
Louie like what he's trying to do with
stopping people from quoting his bits
and quoting I mean I think he's just
trying to stop people from writing shit
yeah it was his own fault cuz he just
didn't have the bag he didn't have the
honor back like he could have him was
like yeah it'll be fine
what's the worst that could happen
Louie now he's doing everything he's got
the under bags he's doing small clubs
yeah he also has a sign that he puts up
saying that if you leak any of the
material that they have legal
repercussions
ah good yeah I mean why should why
should it's a spoiler it's like it's
like a fucking but it's worse than a
spoiler yeah it is worse no spoiler
because every every joke is its own
movie right to be nice yeah to
exaggerate about it but it's like yeah
it's a huge it's a it's a that's a huge
problem and it's also it goes to that 11
year old girl thing where it's like yeah
wait said ha yeah when you have 11 year
old daughters men it's like you get it
okay oh now I see how people are
thinking kids and what's the how would
you describe it but sort of like simply
sick yeah looking for something to be
naughty someone do something back Oh
what did he do what did she do what are
they doing well we'll tell you right
after the break you're like oh I can't
wait yeah yeah but I don't I mean
Louie's a hilarious dude and and I hope
I'm interested to see what happens I
think he's going to come out with a
motherfucker of an hour that's what I
think I think he's gonna pee he's
constantly touring he's on the road all
the time doing this I know he's not
doing it just for money because he's
only doing these little tiny places yeah
he's doing zany's in Chicago yeah or
Zanies in Nashville right now he's gonna
come out with a motherfucker of a
special and recent man his position and
I think there's gonna be people that are
still mad at him no matter what I don't
matter I don't think that you can please
most of people that are mad at them no
meaning and I don't I just think it's
like there are reason
they it's more fun to not forgive them
yeah it feels better to not forget them
yeah yeah yeah fuck him
yeah I get it I get their perspective
but for everybody else we're gonna get
treated to a monster hour that's what I
think I hope when he's all done I think
it's probably gonna be his best hour
ever I listen to the leaked one yeah it
was good yeah it was good I mean 10
months out yeah no no comedy doll for 10
months
and then he starts doing it again and
there's you know some bits in there that
would have been great if they didn't get
leaked the thing about what are you
gonna do cancel my birthday is so
fucking funny is it since it's like he's
so fucking funny it's bananas yeah
because my life is over my birthday god
damn funny
yeah yeah like I you know he's a he's a
fucking hilarious dude yeah that's the
front of the line I mean when it comes
to comedy and political correctness in
the push back that's the front of the
line for the pushback is stand-up like
nightclubs stand-up the stuff that you
and I both do we say a bunch of fucked
up things that happen to also be funny
and you're doing it in front of live
crappier I said on stage the other night
they're going to a strip club and
complaining about cellulite that's what
it feels like it's like what do you be
this is a we say a ton of shit some of
it doesn't work yeah some of it doesn't
work because it doesn't cross the the
comedy barrier some of it doesn't work
because it's ideologically fucked up but
you don't know it until you say it's
like yeah even the funny many great bits
that you love are fucked up to someone
sure to someone like or you have to
figure out a way to make them weren't
like Chris Rock's bit about this is
difference between black people in the
end yeah that bit
he said bombed Oh long time boy figured
out shortly before he did it I was on
his ACL it's great but he knew he's like
god damn it there's something in this
yeah and and also it is fucked up it is
a fucked up like it's fucked up you can
weaponize that joke sure a lot of white
people did
right like a lot of races maybe like I
told you I've been saying that in my car
for years and that's exactly but at the
same time you can't worry about that
like I was talking to somebody did a
thing on the pockets where I was saying
like I don't understand the problem with
Jordan Peterson and you and I have
talked about this at the club like and
and then and people email me and they
said well people use Jordan people right
wing people use him as an example of
didn't I
that's not his problem right that's and
he promotes someone said he promotes an
all meat diet no he doesn't he said he
does it but he didn't promote it he
didn't make a commercial about the shit
you can't worry about how someone takes
again this goes to a point how someone
interprets your art uses community
interpretation exactly and also by the
way then throwaway taxi driver and and
the Salinger book that catches our eye
because that's responsible for killing
when and shooting Reagan like place like
okay well so these fucking dummies use
it as their thing right so now I can't
enjoy it like to go fuck yourself yeah
there's too many interpretations there's
too many perspectives there's too many
people you just have to be a reasonable
person be nice do shit do your best and
you know look we work together all the
time man people are laughing yes have a
good time yeah like and and it's not
it's also like what's your intention
yeah it's not our intention is to create
right our intention is to come up with
funny thing and like me as a person who
enjoys stand-up I like sitting in the
back of the bow R and watching someone
kill I fuckin sure it's the best I told
somebody like I'm a gym rat but for
comedy club yeah I've been seeing you
for 27 years yeah just hanging out like
me and Chappelle were in Vegas and some
kid was like what do you he was a chef
at a this place yellowtail and and he
was just saying like being a chef you
just fucking have to cook for 12 10
years 10 12 years just like it
hard and shitty I was like I've known
him for 28 years he's been going to
clubs for 33 years yeah like that's the
only thing that Matt it just makes sense
yeah it's fair it's like it's an economy
that you understand if the idea is good
enough we will get this response and
it's not there's not really politics
there's not there's preferences but
there's not like you know like Oh have
him although you got the fact that you
got banned from the store somewhere that
is like from a movie like will ban we
have to ban one of them but uh but and
you want in the end as it worked but um
but it is a fair thing and it is like
the only people as Rock says we're like
x-men where it's like Dave they're
always mad at the x-men they're always
mad at the x-men but like fucking you
still like the x-men yeah you're mad
you're you're mad at Louie but if he
went on stage crazy
yes if you walked on stage they would
stand up and give him a standing ovation
yes
and there's also it's also that it's
almost that corporate thing where it's
like if you know Chinese slaves are
making phones did they make this one
like that like where as with Louie it's
like this one guy is responsible for all
institutional sexism like now he's not
he's a fucking he just was a dumb he
just was dumb and he handled he was dumb
from beginning to end any talk about it
yes he was fucked he just fucked up and
it was stupid but he doesn't have to
take the fall uh you know for whatever
like he is valuable yeah he's valuable
he's valuable to our culture he creates
a lot of I don't think of stand-up this
way where it's like you create joint for
people like I never think that way but
he did create a lot of thought and Jill
and like yeah he's responsible for a lot
of positive shit I mean that is what the
art form is yeah you're literally
changing a person's state
yeah I mean Anna as an audience member I
still love it and that was a that was a
struggle for me early on because I was
jealous I could see people doing well
and I wasn't doing well like god I wish
I was doing that I wish I wrote that
joke yeah I wish I was doing that show I
wish out and then I realized like oh
this is like totally unproductive like
yeah the opposite of productive it's
negative yeah they can be activating in
terms of like if you turn it into bleed
then work harder right well but the
problem is like I wish I did that like
that part of is no good or god why is he
have to get this that part of his just
no positive to that but what is positive
you watch someone kill go god damn he's
funny I gotta go to work yeah that's
good but the hate part yeah like is
taking it out on him it's like Spanish
act it's not it's counterproductive it's
really common I think it's then 11 year
old it's that's your first that's the
easy reaction like and then it's like
okay but what am I what's underneath it
what's underneath it is like respect I
don't and then there's certain people
that it's like I've never hated Brian
rege and also like there's so of them
yeah and he's fucking hilarious in a way
that's just like I don't know this
fucking dude
this dude's funny he's so funny and so
clean you could take you grandma to see
him and never worry for a second ago
where is he going with this
yeah grandma gets a fuck I gotta get a
drink yeah he's just he's one of those
rare cats like Gaffigan that figured out
a way to make clean just as Sebastian -
oh yeah like Sebastian
I always forget he's clean and Nate
bargatze is now like getting into that
area where he's like clean
southern accent like it's a big it's
like it's a good place to be but he's
fucking so funny if you're naturally
inclined to do that yeah yeah like if
yeah if you're forcing yourself to it
but uh yeah I think that there's a ton
of value in in stand-up I mean it's it
seems so obvious but it's like and I
think Netflix must there must be some
metric Annette
flicks where they at a certain point
they're losing a ton of programming
meaning all their shits licensed mm-hmm
Disney's taken all their shit back in
like a year to a lot of like parent like
all of these places are starting their
own apps so they're gonna look and I
think they realize like a lot of Netflix
is stand-up in documentaries mm-hmm and
I think there must be in terms of like
right they can never monetize it in
terms of like if the Ali Wong special
begat this much money but if it costs
them five hundred grand to get Ali walks
for special including producting they
made a lot of money you know I mean like
the image millions of people and and
like as well it's fucking great so like
they it's just a cool it's just the
coolest thing I can imagine
I agree like being a community you know
man I mean oh that's that's that to have
that appreciation and respect for
something that you enjoyed doing that is
actually your your your your your
occupation I mean it's a beautiful thing
we're really really forward yeah and the
gifts that we get like a lot you don't I
mean like and it's all for it's all from
comedy yeah glasses shoes
car everything you're doing yeah
basically like every single thing is
from just a personality part yeah and
like creativity work grinding - I like
grinding I really do it when I'm doing
three four shows a night I get a kick
out of it I'm like here we go yeah
things get good work a joke out no the
best that's how they come alive yeah I
gotta wrap this up yeah Brendan um tell
people your podcasts have no feel fuckin
with her yeah very cool yeah it's great
we got good chemistry and um and it's
iTunes everywhere so go check it out
it's just me it's like this except it's
like this yeah it's like this yes except
there's a higher pitched voice just yeah
yeah not much higher Joe that's pretty
yeah it's kind of hard right all right
bye everybody
[Music]
[Applause]